Corbyn welcomes general election
Labour's 10 pledges to rebuild and transform Britain
List of Labour/Tory marginal seats - vote Lib Dem in these and get Tories.
Do we vote Labour or Lib Dems?
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn vows pay rise for 'unsung hero' carers - BBC News
List your problems with Labour and I will try and convince you to vote for them
Emily Thornberry, shadow foreign secretary, has challenged Boris Johnson to a TV debate before the general election
Should Labour and the Lib Dems work together?
Labour promises unpaid carers 17% allowance increase.
Labour are underestimated. Lib Dems will not gain any seats.
Theresa May is making the general election about Brexit. What is Corbyns position going to be?
Labour, Corbyn and the outcome of the June 8th Election
Just started to read Corbyns 10 pledges after having read what the Lib Dems have to say, but I stopped after realising it was a complete waste of my time.
Labour MP announces he will not stand again as Theresa May calls for a snap general election
Jeremy Corbyn refuses to say he will step down if Labour loses snap election as MP quits the party in protest at his leadership
So, is the Labour turkey going to vote for the General Election Christmas?
Labour MP in Middlesbrough confirms he will not be standing for re-election
'Exodus' of Labour MPs predicted as Tom Blenkinsop says he won't stand in early election
Labour MP quits over snap election, Corbyn offers no comment on Brexit or his future in response to election announcement
Greens call for electoral pact with Labour and Lib Dems to defeat Tories
Lib Dems rule out coalition with Jeremy Corbyn's Labour
Jeremy Corbyn: Instead of a country run for the rich we want richer lives for everyone
You can view all MP's voting history (including Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn) on the attached link - it includes their voting record on things like human rights, military action, benefits and much more. Let's make informed decisions people!
ELIAmerican: Why is Jeremy Corbyn such a controversial figure in the Labour Party?
Whether you're Conservative, Labour, Lib Dem, or Green, it's terrible for this country to have a weak opposition: get involved, join a party, tell your friends, VOTE.
Theresa May attacks 'progressive alliance' of SNP, Lib Dems and Labour
Tony Blair could work alongside Lib Dems in anti-Brexit election campaign
'Rich will pay more' under Labour - John McDonnell
Jeremy Corbyn rules out forming an electoral pact with the Greens and Lib Dems
General election: Labour MPs will not require re-selection - BBC News
Don't fall into the trap: Labour MPs should vote against a general election
BBC Radio 4 - Today, Cable: 'No prospect' of Lib Dem deal with Labour
Over 2,500 joined Labour today. Join now and help build the biggest people-driven campaign the UK's ever seen
Labour: Progressive Alliance or Annihilation
What Corbyn's response should have been.
"The Labour voters who could back Theresa May" - Never thought I'd see something like this in the North
Tory ministers laugh as Jeremy Corbyn asks why Brits are getting poorer during PMQs
Surge in bets for Jeremy Corbyn to become Britain's next Prime Minister
Alan Moore says you should support Jeremy Corbyn
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall Defects to Liberal Democrats
General election 2017: Jeremy Corbyn vows to 'change poll's course' - BBC News
Labour is in deep trouble, but it's our only defence against a Tory landslide
How much do you have to earn to be rich? 70,000, says UK Labour Party
Labour could tax the 'rich' earning more than 70,000 to pay for public services, says John McDonnell
Brexit: Jeremy Corbyn rules out a second referendum on final EU deal
Jeremy Corbyn 'likely to stay on' even if Labour suffers crushing election defeat
Labour government would 'put up taxes on people earning more than 70,000'
Journalist booed for Corbyn Islington elite question - video
General election 2017: result not a 'foregone conclusion', says Corbyn
Think Jeremy Corbyn is a loser? Oh dear, youve been brainwashed
Wouldn't it be crazy if the majority of people actually did support Jeremy Corbyn, and we are just being manipulated into thinking we are in the minority...
Momentum boost Corbyn's bookie odds by betting on him themselves
General election 2017: it's the establishment versus the people, says Jeremy Corbyn - politics live | Politics
It's not the establishment who are against Jeremy Corbyn  it's the people
General election: Sturgeon would join a Labour coalition
Labour vows to guarantee pension triple-lock until 2025
Labour heads for its worst election in 86 years with 80 seats under threat
Labour would restore local education authorities & fully-fund schools
General election: Labour has 'mountain to climb' - First Minister Carwyn Jones
Theresa May goes missing and Jeremy Corbyn makes a good start
Corbyn promises to halt rise of super-size classes in latest Labour schools pledge
Surrey Labour could defy national party over progressive alliance
This year may well witness the end of Scottish Labour at Westminster level
If you dont think Jeremy Corbyn can win this election then youre a Tory
Labour has to unite against the Tories, says Corbyn's former leadership rival Owen Smith - Owen Smith
Jeremy Corbyn Rules out Referendum on Brexit Deal
Labour targets older voters with Pensioners Pledge Card
Former Labour MP Marshall-Andrews defects to Lib Dems
Alastair Campbell vs Owen Jones on the Future of Labour | GQ Politics | British GQ
Labour is not trying to win the general election, senior MP admits, as at least 13 MPs resign
Snap Election - Thor Ragnarok parody with Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn
Jeremy Corbyn reads to the kids at Bristol children's centre
Alan Johnson: 'Labour should be willing to work with other parties, through a coalition if necessary'
Labour pledges to keep pensions triple lock
Older Labour voters, how has the party changed since before Blairites to now?
Labour and the Lib-Dems don't want to win the election
Jeremy Corbyn RULES OUT coalition with Labour MPs
Could the polling corrections to account for shy tories be artificially inflating the Tory vote and failing to account for potential shy Labour voters.
Labour seeks to create four new bank holidays, Corbyn announces
Corbyn Media Bias Gone Nuclear BBC Newsnight
Blair hints he could run for Parliament to fight Brexit
Liberal Democrats rule out coalition with Mays Conservatives or Corbyns Labour
Tories accused of stealing Labour's energy price cap promise
Showerthought: the last time Labour won a working majority without Blair as leader was in 1966 - 51 years ago
General election 2017: Labour plans four new bank holidays.
Jeremy Corbyn says Labour will introduce four new bank holidays 'to give workers the break they deserve'
DAN HODGES: I've voted Labour for 30 years. But on June 8, I MUST vote for Mrs May
Labour will win because they have more money than the Conservatives.
Why we need Corbyns policy to renationalise the NHS
Women's issues: how Tim Farron, May and Corbyn voted
General election 2017: Tony Blair says Brexit stance more important than party
Jeremy Corbyn should not be allowed to rewrite the history of his support for the IRA
Consider voting Tory or Lib Dems over Brexit, Tony Blair says
If Corbyn has no chance, why are Tories spreading #fakenews about him? Propaganda
Is it wrong to think Corbyn's holiday thing is just a gimmick?
General election 2017: 'No apology' for Labour's union ties - BBC News
#GE2017: Brexit, Nukes and Labour
Labour will scrap Mays Brexit plan, put economy first
Labour promises a softer Brexit
General Election 2017: Labour to rip up Tory Brexit plan
Keir Starmer: Labour will take UK out of the Single Market and scrap the free movement of people
How can Labour win this election?
Labour's Brexit policy remains a terrible muddle
A question about Diane Abbot if someone could fill me in:
"Jeremy Corbyn is a Moron" - Sargon
Labour plan to frustrate Brexit by scrapping Great Repeal Bill 'raises prospect of second EU referendum'
With an Election Looming, Can We Confront the Fact that Corbyn is Useless?
Introducing /r/Labour2017 - a subreddit for Labour volunteering and activism during the general election campaign
Jeremy Corbyn on Andrew Marr Show (FULL Interview)- BBC News
Tories pinched Labour's energy price cap - but now we need detail
Majority of UK voters want Theresa May to face Jeremy Corbyn on live TV
Labour easily beating Tories among voters under 40 despite being 20 points behind overall
"Corbyns team has been hopeless at handling the media and managing his public image. This is a massive liability, but it also reflects a noble disregard for presentation and spin. Shouldnt we embrace it?"
If ever there was a time to vote Labour, it is now | George Monbiot | Opinion
Labour promises pay rises for NHS staff / no tuition fees for student nurses and midwives
Source close to Jeremy Corbyn reveals he won't take part in TV debates if Theresa May doesn't.
Theresa May most popular leader since the late 1970s as Jeremy Corbyn hits all time low
Is it me, or is there suddenly a lot of pro-Labour stuff on here?
General election 2017: Labour promises pay rises for NHS staff
Jeremy Corbyn will not take part in General Election TV debates unless Theresa May does
EXCLUSIVE: Theresa May 'a more popular leader than Thatcher or Blair during their best years'
Unofficial Labour Party Broadcast / Power Rangers
Jeremy Corbyn 'won't do TV debate without May'
Tony Blair should zip it. Interventions from its right wing wont help Labour
Immigration "not Labour's top priority" in Brexit talks
They say Labour is financially inept. Yet just look at Tory welfare spending
Hunt broke law by axing NHS 18-week treatment target, says Labour
Tony Blair refuses to back Jeremy Corbyn for prime minister | Politics
General election 2017: Labour councils 'build more homes' - BBC News
Conservatives lead over Labour cut by seven points ahead of general election, latest poll shows
GE2017: Jeremy Corbyn attacks Tories over housing crisis
Jeremy Corbyn will not take part in TV debate without Theresa May
PMQs 26 April 2017 Corbyn v May only
General election 2017: Labour leader a 'mugwump', says Johnson - BBC News
'Mutton-headed old mugwump': Boris Johnson attacks Corbyn
Labour bidding to make crisis-hit NHS a vote winner
Bob Marshall-Andrews: Why Im leaving Labour and joining the Lib Dems
Labour call for investigation after Tory MP tells school kids being gay is 'dangerous to society'
Tony Blair's legacy: 'There were more school staff, better paid, better led and trusted more'
Labour ahead in polls among voters under 40
If Labour perform poorly in the local elections, do you think Corbyn should stand down?
'It's going to be a bloodbath': Tories target high-profile Labour seats | Politics
If Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn were caught on mic offending a voter (like Gordon Brown's 'bigot' comment in 2008), what would the press reaction be?
Jacob Rees-Mogg on Jeremy Corbyn
Theresa May Will Destroy The Labour Party - The Thinkery
As an NHS doctor, it's my public duty to vote Labour | Yannis Gourtsoyannis | Opinion
Corbyn has 41% lead in ITV poll with 202,700 voters!
Maxine Peake: 'I'm a Corbyn supporter. We need a coup'
Tories aim to win with apathy and low turnout  Jeremy Corbyn speech | LabourList
Jeremy Bernard Corbyn 'What Was Done' - Political Satire
The Last Years of New Labour - Guardian
British PM May sees lead over Labour fall by 10 points in a week: YouGov
Labour pledges to end zero-hours contracts and unpaid internships in 20-point plan to tackle 'rigged economy'
Labour will block the sale of weapons to repressive regimes if it wins the election
Jeremy Corbyn gets personal in one-off campaign speech
Labour party pledges to outlaw all zero-hours contracts
Labour pledges boost in pay and conditions for millions of workers in new charter
[Discussion] Would Labour winning the general election actually be good for the country?
Labour figures urge party to pull out of crucial general election seats to help Greens
Labour vows to 'call time on bad landlords' with housing pledge
Labour blasts 'complacent' Theresa May after damning Juncker dinner report
Labour gain on Theresa Mays Conservative party in the polls
Jeremy Corbyn: It's time to step up for Britain
Tony Blair announces return in bid to influence Brexit debate
Major Labour donor threatens to stand against Jeremy Corbyn in general election unless he quits as leader
Tony Blair: Labour can win at any point that it wants to get back to winning ways
Labour will put 10,000 extra police on streets, vows Jeremy Corbyn | UK news
Labour MP Diane Abbot says Labour's proposed 10,000 extra police officers will cost 300,000 (eg, 30 each)
Diane Abbott's car-crash interview over police policy cost
Labour bans Rochdale MP Simon Danczuk from standing in election
Caroline Lucas says Labour's block on Tory-limiting alliance a 'betrayal' - Green co-leader says Labour is giving Conservatives blank cheque for hard Brexit
Diane Abbott says she 'misspoke' on Labour's police policy (includes video of her listening to it back)
If Labour wins, would there be a sharp rise in immigrants being allowed into the country
Conservatives have 19-point lead over Labour, latest Guardian/ICM poll suggests
Tony Blair's Lonely Hearts Club Band
ITV will 'empty chair' May and Corbyn after both rule out taking part in a TV debate
Beneath Abbott's police funding gaffes, Labour's numbers make sense
Kelvin MacKenzie jokes about wanting to see 'Corbyn knifed to death by asylum seeker' headline
Labour to pledge immediate halt of hospital closures | Politics
Yes, Diane Abbott's LBC interview was awkward  but she doesn't deserve your onslaught of abuse and racism
Labour 'struggling to match Tories election spending'
Tories lay into Jeremy Corbyn with 'tax bombshell' advert
Diane Abbott, Labour Shadow Home Secretary | LBC | Policing - Painful to listen to
Labour vs. Tory: polling and party solidarity.
Tories claim Labour would unleash "economic chaos" on Britain with 45bn tax and debt bombshell in new campaign poster
Since there is a general election coming up, can we have links to the Lib Dems, Labour, Greens, Tories etc subreddits on the sidebar? (Under related subreddits)
The inside story of Labour Leave: the left-wing Eurosceptics who toppled a Tory Prime Minister
The politics of Jeremy Corbyns beard
Simon Danczuk warns Jeremy Corbyn is dangerous for Britain
Diane Abbott trips up on police policy
Theresa May described as 'Richard Nixon and Cersei Lanninster hybrid by Labour shadow minister. Emily Thornberry describes the Prime Ministers speech as being 'preposterous, paranoid and xenophobic'
UK Conservatives' lead over Labour widens to 24 points - Kantar poll
Labour Needs to Do More for People in Crap, Unstable Jobs | Their assault on the "Rigged Economy" is a good start, but it doesn't really get what a lot of work is like today.
Plaid Cymru 'can grab seats from Labour in general election' says Adam Price
Tony Blair speaks about key moments of his time as prime minister (x-post from /r/ukdocumentaries)
Local elections 2017 results live: Tories prosper, Ukip obliterated, Labour humiliated
Labour wins huge majority in local elections after Diane Abbott counts the votes
Voter registration soars among students with 55% backing Labour
Labour eyes proportional representation as party's elections minister backs voting shake-up
Wake up Labour party members!
The Lib Dems' failure to surge makes voting Labour on 8 June more vital
Labour voters who are old enough to remember the 1997 election, what was it like?
Dianne Abbot using her maths to work out how many seats Labour lost
As a Momentum member, I'm not disheartened by Labour's losses in the local elections
What are the differences between Labour and the Lib Dems?
Labour manifesto for General Election 2017: What will be in it and when will it be released?
SHOCK POLL reveals that Jeremy Corbyn will win June vote
Rigged for the rich: Jeremy Corbyn speaks in Leicester
Jeremy Corbyn: We are closing the gap on the Tories
Voters threatened with deselection after failing to support Jeremy Corbyn
John McDonnell gets bigger Labour role after local election failures | Politics
Will Corbyn resign if he loses the election?
A vote for Corbyn is a vote to screw yourself over.
Welsh Labour to distance itself from UK party in general election | Politics
Diane Abbott gets her numbers wrong ... again
Labour's hint of a pulse leaves Theresa May unsated | John Crace | Politics
Theresa May asks people of Britain to follow her - but won't say where she's going, says Jeremy Corbyn - Jeremy Corbyn
Liverpool fans to unveil huge Jeremy Corbyn banner at Anfield tomorrow
General election 2017: Labour rules out tax rises for 95% of earners - BBC News
Labour set to pledge income tax increase on salaries over 80,000 | The Independent
"No Tax Rises for People Earning Less Than 80k Pledges Labour
John McDonnell: 'I will be the first socialist Labour Chancellor'
Could it be that a lot of those 3 members of Labour are actually Conservatives working to undermine Labour?
General election 2017: Labour proposes junk food ad ban - BBC News
Lib Dem Cable Urges People To Tactically Vote Labour
Jeremy Corbyn | Seize the moment - YouTube
Progressive alliance: Greens, Labour and Liberal Democrats unite to take down Jeremy Hunt
David Dimbleby will host two Question Time Election Specials (Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn will appear on 2nd June)
Labour says it would end NHS car parking charges
Firms undercutting British workers to be fined by Labour if they offer jobs abroad and not at home
Labour vows to scrap NHS hospital parking charges by raising tax on private health insurance
Tax Research UK -What Corbynomics should look like right now
General Election TV debates: BBC announces election programmes featuring Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May
Comparing prince and commoner: Unlike retiring Duke of Edinburgh, Jeremy Corbyn has never been given a free pass by the press
How a UKIP exodus could challenge Labour's heartlands - BBC News
Decorated war hero to stand against Jeremy Corbyn at General Election
In the face of defeat, the Corbyn faithful stand firm
After 7 years of Tories, how are they still managing to blame problems on "the previous Labour government"
Jeremy Corbyn Says He Won't Quit Even If He Loses The General Election
Jeremy Corbyn campaign launch: Brexit is 'settled' and the election isn't about leaving the EU
At last, a plan to tackle the housing crisis  Labour may just have the answer
Labour expels two members over attempt to unseat Jeremy Hunt | Guardian
Corbyn pins Labour's election hopes on housing reform pledges
Jeremy Corbyn should do a Bernie Sanders, and go for broke
Laura K asks Corbyn "come hell or high water, whatever the deal on the table, we will be leaving the European Union?"
How come every political post I see here pretends as if Labour and Conservatives do not sit directly next to each other on the political compass?
We were kinda hoping youd forgotten about Labour suggesting energy price controls, admit Tories
Corbyn Won't Rule Out U.K. Staying in EU If Labour Wins Power
Birmingham: 'I'd like to vote Labour but things aren't changing so I feel like I can't' | Guardian Voices
General election 2017: Jeremy Corbyn says Brexit issue 'settled' - BBC News
Cuts, anger, frustration  and Labour still cant break through | Anywhere but Westminster
Labour will scrap university tuition fees if they win general election
Jeremy Corbyn pledges 20bn for schools revolution by scrapping Tory plan to cut corporation tax | The Independent
Labour cuts Conservative poll lead by eight points
Sky News interview with Diane Abbott interrupted by passer-by (NSFW)
Inside the Corbynista Facebook 'army'
Incisive quote by me on the difference between Labour and Conservative voters
Exclusive: 100 moderate Labour MPs to form breakaway group if Jeremy Corbyn stays on after a Tory landslide
Former Labour MP Kate Hoey Photoshops Lib Dem rival out of picture but forgets his legs
Progressive alliance: Greens, Labour and Liberal Democrats unite to take down Jeremy Hunt
Manchester Labour Students chair sacked for saying he would slap his child if they backed gay rights
Jeremy Corbyn | Labour's General Election campaign launch
Corbyn the Red Ranger
Revealed: Labour to lose at least five London seats as party goes into reverse in the capital
Labour and Lib Dems head to head on education
Labour draft election manifesto leaked: Jeremy Corbyn to re-nationalise Royal Mail and pledge 6bn a year for NHS
Most foxes won't vote Labour because Jeremy Corbyn's just not credible as a leader
Daily Mail rages at Labours back to the 1970s manifesto because it would prefer to go back to the 1930s
Noam Chomsky: I would vote for Corbyn - BBC Newsnight
Corbyn's green vision wins: leaked manifesto promises huge environmental gains
UK Labour Party Pledges 30Mbps Superfast Broadband for All by 2022
Never mind who leaked it, this Labour manifesto is a cornucopia of delights
What are the pros and cons of nationalising energy, rail, and the Royal Mail as per the leaked Labour manifesto?
Labour manifesto unanimously agreed - Jeremy Corbyn - BBC News
Labour manifesto leaked: Jeremy Corbyn pledges to re-nationalise energy industry, railways and Royal Mail in draft document
Labour partys future lies with Momentum, says Noam Chomsky
Labour Draft Manifesto proposes to get rid of income requirements for foreign spouses
General election 2017: Labour pledges in 'manifesto leak' - BBC News
Comedian and actor Eddie Izzard hits the campaign trail for Labour
BBC cameraman's foot run over by Jeremy Corbyn's car
Labour's Latest Manifesto Leaked
I think I saw an article explaining how Corbyns plan was financially feasible, does anyone have the link please?
Is Theresa May's support for fox-hunting a tactic to avoid a Tory landslide to keep Corbyn as Labour leader?
BBC cameraman 'run over by Jeremy Corbyn's car'
General Election 2017: BBC cameraman injured by Corbyn car - BBC News
Tories target Blair country
Labour considers flexible state pension age
Labour's campaign is dominated by tax plans  we shouldn't forget the Tories' broken financial promises
Labours reversal of corporate tax cuts would raise substantial sums but comes with important trade-offs - Institute For Fiscal Studies
Jeremy Corbyn | General Election campaign launch in 360
Dear Labour - Here's how to win an election using System Justification and Prospect Theory
Jeremy Corbyn wants to throw away the biggest Brexit bargaining chip Britain has
Jeremy Corbyn, Tim Farron and Michael Gove just got pranked
Tony Blair interviewed by Alastair Campbell
Labour get Waxed in Local Elections because "The People want Brexit" - Sargon
Poll results: British voters support Labour's manifesto policies
Jeremy Corbyns nationalisation policies are grounded in cold hard economic sense. Europe proves it
Lib Dems and Labour pledge to double length of paid paternity leave
By choice, I've never voted before. But Jeremy Corbyn has changed my mind | Akala
Why Corbyn-bashing liberals must vote Labour on 8 June | Joseph Harker | Opinion
Labour will make Britain a force for good - the Tories would take us to war | Emily Thornberry | Opinion
Jeremy Corbyn says 'I'm not a pacifist'
Progressive Alliance: Labour and Greens agree on bid to oust Amber Rudd
BBC's anti-labour campaign. What can we do?
British voters have failed Jeremy Corbyn, and must work hard to regain his confidence
Labour Manifesto and current student loans.
I am trying to start a protest to oppose the BBCs biased reporting against the Labour party by refusing to pay TV licence
Steve Bell on foxhunting and Labour's manifesto cartoon | Opinion
Snap Election: Is a coalition possible between Labour & LibDems & Greens?
Tony Blair claims he receives more "flack" regarding the Iraq war than Bush because there is a "much more textured view of the complexities and difficulties in the Middle East" in the US compared to the UK
Labour's manifesto pledges on football fans' rights and grassroots funding revealed
Labour MPs reject Jeremy Corbyn's manifesto as Theresa May warns the party has 'abandoned' working class
Would labour have more chances of winning the GE if they promised a second referendum on Brexit?
Poll shows people LOVE Labour's manifesto policies - but don't rate Jeremy Corbyn as a Prime Minister
Labours core support schism
Before the NHS malware Corbyn was asked about cyber security, this was his response...
"We would maintain GCHQ (but) we would not have unaccountable investigations into people's lives. We don't want a surveillance society" - Jeremy Corbyn
Why Corbyns unpopularity is exaggerated: Polls show hes more popular than most other parties leaders  and on the up
If Corbyn has deserted' the working class, what exactly have the Tories been doing for the past seven years?
Britain has not fought just war since 1945, says Jeremy Corbyn, prompting anger from veterans
Does anyone else feel kind of dirty tactically voting for labour when they don't seem to want election reform?
Irish evening news report on Blair and EU officials visit to Irish border. Includes Irish opinions on Brexit as a "total mess" (relevant to N.I.)
General Election 2017: May parks her bus in Labour heartlands - BBC News
Emily Thornberry points out Michael Fallon's hypocrisy on the Andrew Marr Show
Unedited footage of Jeremy Corbyn meeting student nurses
Labour would extend abortion rights to women in Northern Ireland
Labour climbs to highest poll rating since start of election campaign
Jeremy Corbyn has 'been on a journey' since suggesting Nato was a 'danger to the world' says Emily Thornberry
General election 2017: 'Robin Hood tax' on City pledged by Labour
Jeremy Corbyn was arrested at IRA demo - Sunday Times
Is Labour's manifesto living in fantasy land? Quite the opposite
Labour pledges 37bn for the NHS by 2022
From the IRA to apartheid, Iraq war to Hamas, Jeremy Corbyn has been on the right side of history [2015]
Which currently-sitting Tory or Labour MP would make the best UK prime minister?
Jeremy Corbyn drafts in hard-left Unite chief to help Labour's election campaign
Labour promises to give NHS 37bn in 'new deal' for healthcare
Emily Thornberry hardens Labour party line on Falkland Islands
Jeremy Corbyn sparks mystery over 137,000-a-year salary by insisting he isnt rich because of where he puts it
Blair allies consider starting new party if Corbyn stays on
If moderate Labour MPs broke away, wouldn't this just strengthen the Tories?
TYT'S Spitting Jimmy: Labour Party Platform Amazingly Specific And Pro Worker
'I'd marry Nigel Farage tomorrow' - Burnley on Labour/UKIP
The Snap: Jeremy Corbyn faces Tory grab for Labour voters
Nadhim Zahawi: A message from Labour voters in my seat that Ive never heard before. Theyre backing a Conservative Prime Minister.
Angela Rayner can't say how many kids would be helped by Labour's class sizes policy
Is Labour's strategy working? Possibly. Is it winning? No
Labour Manifesto
Labour begins to poll higher under Jeremy Corbyn than it did under Ed Miliband
Labour looks to replace Council Tax with a Land Value Tax. Party to launch a review into tax backed by many economists due to its efficiency
Jeremy Corbyn ambushes Theresa May during Facebook Live event with TV debate challenge
#grime4corbyn trending on twitter
Labour 'to put 45p tax on salaries above 80,000' to fund NHS rescue plan
Anyone else really impressed by Labours emphasis on co-operatives?
ITV Leaders Interviews - Jeremy Corbyn
Labour pledges free childcare for EVERY family in 5billion vow as it launches landmark election manifesto
Labour is rightKarl Marx has a lot to teach todays politicians
Jeremy Corbyn appears as Boy Better Know member on Wikipedia after 'Grime 4 Corbyn' campaign
Tony Blair: Iraq war prosecution attempt goes back to court
Labour manifesto vision: More spending, more tax, more borrowing
Jeremy Corbyn in Yorkshire - BBC Yorshire report
Labour manifesto: Corbyn to unveil 'programme of hope'
Corbyn's campaign chief is an apologist for tyranny
It's now clear what Corbynism represents, so what does the centre do next? | Paul Mason | Opinion
Politics Live - Labour Manifesto release
What could we do, in real terms, to help support labour this election?
Jeremy Corbyn defends appointment of former communist party member
The millions of people Jeremy Corbyn's Labour manifesto will save from poverty - and how he plans to do it
Chancellor Philip Hammond got the HS2 cost wrong by 20,000,000,000, wheres the media criticism? Diane Abbott got?
The BBC just cut from airing an interview about the Labour manifesto to a press conference regarding Trumps first foreign visit.
17% of current Labour voters would like the Conservative party to win the election.
BBC interviews Corbyn
Young Mums Enthusiasm For Jeremy Corbyn Sparks Huge Reaction
a Humiliating performance by Amber Rudd is being brushed under the carpet because Diane Abbott couldn't find the exit.
If Labour loses, what will the reaction on this sub be like?
Labour party manifesto launch, factchecked
Slavoj iek on Corbyn, the left, and the upcoming elections
Police delegates jeer Diane Abbott over comments on spit hoods
Labour's manifesto is a template for the struggling left worldwide
So Corbyn says he can raise 50bn in tax by increasing it for the top 5%...
Labour admits it would not end benefits freeze, after day of confusion
FactCheck: the Labour manifesto
Slavoj iek: On Corbyn, the election, Brexit and fake news
Labour's manifesto: analysis of the key points and pledges
Financial scandal hits LGBT Labour as thousands in donations go missing
Poll misery for Labour moderates  Jeremy Corbyn would win more votes than Tony Blair, Yvette Cooper, Khan or Miliband
Nicola Sturgeon: Labour and Tory manifestos are stealing SNP policies
Do Labour support a hard Brexit?
Why you shouldn't vote for Jeremy Corbyn
Diane Abbott suffers fresh humiliation as she struggles to find stage exit following police speech
Analysing the Labour Party Manifesto
Labour manifesto would 'bankrupt Britain' with 250bn debt and biggest tax burden since 1950s
Len McCluskey 'can't see Labour winning'
The difference between the BBC news website's headline covering the Labour manifesto and the Tory manifesto is ridiculous.
Theresa May's numbers gaffe was far worse than Diane Abbott's  so why isn't she being attacked too?
When JME Met Jeremy Corbyn. (Video) - [09:06]
UK General Election poll: Jeremy Corbyn given boost as Labour narrows gap with Tories after manifesto launch
UK General Election poll: Jeremy Corbyn's Labour hits highest rating of campaign after manifesto launch
When did this sub turn from Lib Dem to Labour?
May and Corbyn refuse to appear in ITV leaders' debate
How can the Conservatives ever be beaten with the left-wing split between Lib Dem/Labour?
What are everyone's thoughts on Tony Blair?
Labour councillors in Aberdeen suspended over Tory coalition
UK grime artists are backing Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn
Labour Party Platform Amazingly Specific And Pro Worker
#grime4Corbyn  why British MCs are uniting behind the Labour leader
Labour voters, which Tory policies do you agree with? Tory voters, which labour policies do you agree with?
Can we get rid of pro-corbyn articles spam?
The Chicken Connoisseur Reveals He'll Be Backing Jeremy Corbyn
Comparing the Labour, Lib Dem and Conservative manifesto pledges on LGBTQ+ equality
So Labour created a document going over 50 Tory failures, all sourced
Corbyn missed a major opportunity by not turning up to tonight's leader's debate on ITV.
Labour says curbs on winter fuel payments 'sick and sneaky'
The Tory/Labour split in a nutshell.
Paddy Power currently have better odds on Tony Blair becoming next UKIP leader than David Cameron
Scottish Labour councillors vote for Tory provost
Does anyone else think May or Corbyn, might pull a fly one and leave it to the last minutes to show up at the Leaders debate trying to embarrass the other?
A simple policy that Labour could announce that would kill the Tories on Brexit
GE 2017 Prediction: Leo Barasi - Projection of Tory victory narrows to 13-16pts as Corbyn's ratings improveimprove - Noise of the Crowd
Leaders' debate: Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn absent from five-way clash - BBC News
The inconvenient truth about Corbyn and the IRA
General Election 2017: Party leaders clash at ITV debate as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn sit it out
May and Corbyn Get Honest, Except on Brexit
Jeremy Corbyn far more likely to be attacked by media than Theresa May, election reporting audit reveals
Labour Campaign Rally in Birmingham Today
Is socialism (labour) REALLY better than capitilsm (Tories)?
New Campaign Tool 'Dialogue' - Canvass for Labour from your living room!
Regarding Labour - opinion polling for the United Kingdom general election, 2017
Labour is unfit even to lose
Telegraph: MI5 opened file on Jeremy Corbyn amid concerns over his IRA links
Exclusive: MI5 opened file on Jeremy Corbyn amid concerns over his IRA links
The Labour manifesto on the environment is awful
[Video] Corbyn attacks Margaret Thatcher on Homelessness (1990)
Jeremy Corbyn gatecrashes Libertines concert (video)
Theresa May says Jeremy Corbyn will be Prime Minister 'if I lose just six seats'
Labour working on a 'state-backed mortgage scheme'
Labour's leaked manifesto proves it's stuck in the 1970s, unlike those ultra-modern Tories who love fox hunting
Labours Higher Education proposals will cost 8bn per year, although increase the deficit by more. Graduates who earn most in future would benefit most - IFS analysis
Latest polls show Labour cutting gap on Conservatives
Labour manifesto would keep 7bn of planned Tory welfare cuts | Politics
Labour is unfit even to lose - The Economist
Jeremy Corbyn Negotiating Brexit?
Labour support surges in Wales with 16-point shift towards Jeremy Corbyn's party
Jeremy Corbyn has defied his critics to become Labour's best hope of survival
Labour just promised to scrap tuition fees, even if you're already studying
Corbyn pressed over IRA comments
Should I vote strategically or vote for labour?
BBC News: General election 2017: Labour brings forward tuition fees pledge
Jeremy Corbyn defends his record on Ireland. Sky News interview. 21/5
Is Diane Abbot preventing anyone else from voting Labour at the upcoming election?
Forget Corbyn and Sinn Fein: Meet the Senior Tory Who Was in the IRA
There are 17 days until the UK General Election. If every Labour supporter here convinces one extra person to vote Labour every day from now until voting day then we can win.
If Labour wins, can Article 50 be reversed? Maybe.
Jeremy Corbyn is momentarily featured in John Cleese video from 1987 as "the demonstrator" amongst enemies of hard right extremism
How the Conservatives stole the British Indian vote from Labour
Gerry Adams: Jeremy Corbyn respected Sinn Fin's democratic mandate
If Labour's proposals to tax corporations go ahead, what is to stop them simply relocating to other, cheaper countries and taking jobs with them?
Labour risks losing more minority ethnic voters to Tories, study finds
May to claim Corbyn is 'uncertain' on Brexit
In the Labour leaked manifesto, it mentions scrapping the minimum income requirements for foreign spouses but I can't find it in the final draft. Was it scrapped?
Falklands veterans slam Jeremy Corbyn over his call for power share with Argentina
BBC FiveLive Manifesto Coverage - Labour and Conservative
Corbyn leaves Labour voters with no good options
EXCLUSIVE: Lowkey on Corbyn
Jeremy Corbyn refuses to unequivocally condemn the IRA five times as poll shows boost for Labour
Jeremy Corbyn profile
The Spectator, Jeremy Corbyn and the IRA
The Daily Mail closed its comments section after Pro-Corbyn comments reach the top.
Oborne: Corbyn's election manifesto for the Middle East is radical and morally courageous
How much lower will the Conservatives have to go in the polls before May will have to debate Corbyn?
If the vote was held only among the under-50s, Corbyn could beat May
Nicola Sturgeon's SNP, like Tony Blair's New Labour, is heading for a crash landing
How realistic is it that Labour could win this election?
Jeremy Corbyn plans to speak to families of IRA bombing victims
Corbyn "looks forward to the day when the inevitable asteroid slams into the earth and wipes humans out"
Blairites Accuse Dastardly Corbyn of Trying to Get People to Vote Labour
Labour candidate disowns Jeremy Corbyn on his leaflet as he tells constituents he is 'no supporter'
Corbyn unclear on funding new tuition fees pledge
Reminder: Labour can go down in polls as well as up!
Why Jeremy Corbyn has the best long-term plan for tackling terrorism on British soil
"Our hearts are broken, but our resolve has never been stronger": Jeremy Corbyn's touching tribute to Manchester terror attack victims
Chilcot Report 2016: In 2003, British Intelligence Warned Tony Blair of Manchester-Like Terrorism if the West Invaded Iraq
Tories received twice as much cash as Labour in run-up to calling snap election
Boost for Jeremy Corbyn as 90,000 young people register to vote in just one day
Journalist Embarrasses Herself While Attempting To Smear Jeremy Corbyn
Jeremy Corbyn: Libya and the suspicious rush to war
Labour slashes Tory lead to just five points in latest poll taken this week
Jeremy Corbyn says the war on terror has failed in first major speech since Manchester attack
Labour could actually win this! here's the website you need to start campaigning
There's a lot of people on this sub saying 'I hope Corbyn does win...it would be great to see May lose' etc. If that's what we hope, shouldn't we get active and do something?
[video] Corbyn's anti-terrorism speech.
Conservatives cancel election campaign relaunch as poll lead over Labour evaporates
Tories and Labour not being honest with voters: IFS - BBC News
x SHAME FOR CORBYN as source confirms Labour leader had curry with SKELETOR in 1991
Corbyn is right: of course Manchester was linked to British foreign policy | Simon Jenkins
Tories exposed in outright - scaremongering - lie about Labour tax plans
Corbyn links terror threat to wars abroad
Jeremy Corbyn links foreign policy to growing terror threat | Politics
Conservatives cancel election campaign relaunch as poll lead over Labour evaporates
Why are the Andrew Neil interviews being cancelled? I can understand postponing them in light of the attack, but it seems deeply unfair that they would allow May to have 30 minutes of coverage on BBC 1 but disallow Farron, Nuttall, and Sturgeon, and potentially Corbyn.
Jeremy Corbyn to blame terrorist attacks such as Manchester bombing on UK foreign policy
Where is Labour's swing coming from? 18th April to 25th May snapshot
Corbyn Says War on Terror Not Working as U.K. Polls Narrow
Pound down further as opinion poll shows Labour chipping away Tory lead
Jeremy Corbyn on The Iraq War 2003
If Labour really do finish just 5 behind the Tories, Corbyn's won't stand down on June 9th, will he?
Nine days before Blair's 1997 landslide, one poll had his lead down to, err, 5%
If the vote was held only among the under-50s, Corbyn could beat May
do you think labour would more popular if it had a leader like David Cameron (but with Corbyn policies/views) ? What about May ?
Sterling falls after Labour poll surge puts Jeremy Corbyn right behind Theresa May's Conservatives
Jeremy Corbyn pledges more resources for security services, even though his shadow chancellor called for the disbandment of MI5 and disarming of the police 2 years ago
The media are fools (Corbyn/foreign policy)
I'm Scottish, what can I do to help English Labour?
Corbyn links the terrorist attacks to the war the ex-leader of his own party commenced...
Will all further education be free under Labour? Or just university?
Boris Johnson hits out at 'monstrous' Jeremy Corbyn speech on terror
Jeremy Corbyn's three decades of comfort and aid to the Provisionals
Shameless Theresa May twists Jeremy Corbyn words in extraordinary attack over Manchester bomber
53% agree with Corbyn: UK Wars partly responsible for terror attacks; only 24% disagree
Boris Johnson just called Jeremy Corbyn 'monstrous' for saying something he's said himself
Tory Michael Fallon slates 'Jeremy Corbyn quote' live on air - then realises they were Boris Johnson's words
Theresa May faces disaster after new poll finds Corbyn slashing her majority to just 2 seats
Is anyone else annoyed beyond reproach BBC News constant smear of Labour? And it's overt bias towards the Conservatives?
The last 19 Tweets in a row from the Conservative Party Twitter account are about Corbyn rather than themselves.
We need an anti-Conservative force: Nick Clegg wants to work with Labour after the election
Jeremy Corbyn on Andrew Marr BBC1
Labour wants to divert football's TV money to grassroots
Corbyn refuses to back Trident but says he will respect Labour position
Corbyn promises to make UK safer. Tories whine 'he's using the terror attack for electioneering'
Anyone else getting bombarded by anti corbyn ads on YouTube?
You know Corbyn is doing well on how many times the IRA are mentioned.
Jeremy Corbyn: the war on terror is simply not working
'Corbyn wrong to link foreign policy to terror': UK defence secretary Sir Michael Fallon (Ch4 News)
Why aren't libdems doing formal alliance with corbyn against may?
Jeremy Corbyn - The Andrew Neil Interviews GE2017 (26May17)
Corbyn: We have to admit 'war on terror' is not working
The people on this sub who agree with Corbyn's speech on terrorism need to watch this 5 minute video
If Tony Blair lost the vote in 2003 to go to war against Iraq
Unexpected Famous Faces Who've Backed Corbyn
May puts Manchester bombing at heart of election with attack on Corbyn
Thought this YouTube ad was made by Labour for the first minute
Jeremy Bernard Corbyn: What Was Done
Corbyn's Foreign Policy Populism is Popular - Guido Fawkes
Jeremy Corbyn: "I Never Met the IRA" - Here are 9 Meetings
Theresa Mays ratings sink as Jeremy Corbyns get a bounce, poll finds
Exclusive Telegraph ORB poll: Labour narrows gap to six points as women voters surge towards Jeremy Corbyn
Jeremy Corbyn promises 1,000 new spy jobs in wake of Manchester attack
Two New Polls: Labour close lead to 10 and 12 points
UKIP candidate urges voters in Wakefield to back Labour's Mary Creagh
I'm not a fan of May. Not a fan of Corbyn either but the anti-tori bias in this sub is just crazy.
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn face-off over security
Imagine if Corbyn held a minutes silence for the Manchester bomber. Well he held a minute silence for IRA terrorists
Corbyn honoured Munich Massacre terrorist
Pollsters puzzle over Labour surge  and volatile electorate could keep them guessing
Does Labour need to lock Diane Abbott up till after the elections?
Ethical Tactical Voting  Swop your vote with a vote buddy to keep the Torys out. If you are in a marginal Tory Constituency, vote Labour and find a Labour buddy in a safe Labour seat to vote for your preference.
Corbyn-IRA Attack Video Hits Million Views
Sturgeon: Corbyn was not defending terrorists
Why are parents not willing to vote Labour if it means free tuition fees for their kids?
Labour-Leaning Voter's Perspective: Stop letting Diane Abbot represent the party publicly
Theresa May to relaunch Conservative election campaign amid fears Labour could take lead in opinion polls
On 29 Nov. 1994 Corbyn signed a Parliamentary Motion calling a PIRA Bombing a murderous, terrorist atrocity
Presenter Robert Peston loses patience with Michael Fallon after he kept trying to take the Jeremy Corbyn's speech on terrorism out of context [Video]
I didn't realise just how against Corbyn the media is until I just watched Peston fire random claims and out of context quotes at Corbyn, wasting his time by having to diffuse each one
Labour unveils 26billion Robin Hood tax on City of London to pay for better public services
Corbyn will try to stay on as leader if Labour lose General Election
Jeremy Corbyn - Stop the War Speech - 15 February 2003
Jeremy Corbyns Problem: The Irish Have Terrorists But The British Have Paramilitaries
Jeremy Corbyn describes banned terror group Hamas as 'serious, hard-working and not corrupt'
Sturgeon supports deal with Labour to oust May (From HeraldScotland)
Anyone else tired of this sub becoming one massive Labour circle jerk?
What should the moderate Labour MPs do if Corbyn stays on?
The three lies that Jeremy Corbyn told Andrew Neil
May Vs Corbyn Debate Discussion Thread
David Dimbleby says Jeremy Corbyn has not had a 'fair deal' from press
Jeremy Corbyn treated unfairly by press, says David Dimbleby - Veteran broadcaster points out rightwing bias of most British newspapers and complains of their lazy pessimism
Post Match Thread: Jeremy Corbyn vs Theresa May
The BBC is only covering one of Corbyn's stumbles from the questionings last night. May was certainly not without fault. What gives BBC?
Theresa May denies demeaning the office of Prime Minister after asking voters to imagine Jeremy Corbyn 'naked and alone'
Can we agree that Paxman is grandstanding with his questioning of Corbyn?
The Battle for Number 10 was a clear win for Jeremy Corbyn
Corbyn responds to a voter who questions his leadership ability. Thug Style.
Tory voter switches to Labour due to Jeremy Corbyn's approach to defence
'I'm no dictator,' Jeremy Corbyn tells Paxman in election interview
Tom Watson hits out at Conservatives over attacks on Corbyn | Politics
Labour - increasing debt?
Full Corbyn 'Tory plot' Falklands Quote
Jeremy Corbyn struggles over cost of childcare policy
Labour support just 13 per cent among UK Jews. Tories at 77 per cent in JC poll
What are labours views on cannabis legislation?
Jeremy Corbyn's armed cops tackle moped thieves at gunpoint as Labour leader enjoys lunch in Hoxton
The full Corbyn Hamas quote
Would things be much different if the press hadn't been biased against Jeremy Corbyn.
"Jeremy Corbyn is right ... But we need to frame the foreign policy question more broadly and ask whether this is all about the legacy of our colonialism." -Robert Gildea, Professor of modern history, University of Oxford
Jeremy Corbyn in car-crash interview over childcare pledge
Johnson and Labour election chief in fiery spat
How exactly will the Labour's proposed 45p tax work?
Why vote for Comrade Corbyn?
#BattleForNumber10: May v Corbyn
The US Bernie Sanders campaigners lending Jeremy Corbyn a hand
3 charts explain what Tory, Labour, and Lib Dem manifesto pledges mean for the UK economy
The GE is next Thursday: Who's more worried, Labour or the Conservatives?
Jeremy Corbyn suffers another car-crash moment, this time at a nursery
Whats really happening with Labour in the polls?
How Labour (Or The Tories) Can Secure The Election
Old but Gold- Bush loves Blair
Theresa May attacks Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit, full transcript
Could Labour's love be lost in Mansfield after 94 years? | BBC News
Jeremy Corbyn will take part in tonights debate. 7:30 BBC One
Just watched Corbyn on One show and I really liked him.
May happy to take on Europe, but still afraid of chat with Corbyn
Warm, funny Jeremy Corbyn praised for The One Show appearance after Theresa Mays robotic interview
Is Jeremy Corbyn turning you back to Labour?
Jeremy Corbyn urges Theresa May to debate with him in public | Politics
Jeremy Corbyn Alone and Naked In The EU.mp4
Now that Corbyn is joining the Election 2017 debate, theres only one reason Theresa May wont take part  cowardice
Jeremy Corbyn tells supporters to stop 'unacceptable' abuse of BBC journalist
Over 51% of Labour MPs were state educated compared to just 28% of Conservative MPs
Jeremy Corbyn says he will take part in tonight's debate
Election 2017: Labour pledge to rebuild public services
New Theory: May is purposely sabotaging the campaign so the conservatives don't have to deal with Brexit and can spend the next 5 years blaming labour for everything that will happen.
Scruffy Jeremy Corbyn winds up Tories in 1984 - BBC Newsnight
Jeremy Corbyn FULL INTERVIEW on OneShow (30May17)
YouGov model shows Conservatives 3 points ahead of Labour
BBC debate: Theresa May defends no-show after Corbyn U-turn - BBC News [HYS]
UK General Election: Five charts showing how Labour's support is increasing
Jeremy Corbyn and Chill | Poet & Vuj from Copa 90 - Interview
Welsh Labour has launched these hard-hitting adverts attacking the Tories
"Here Comes Corbyn": an interesting take from across the pond on why Corbyn might have a chance to win
Forget Jeremy Corbyn - English politicians are strangely silent on Northern Ireland's real problems
Jeremy Corbyn is on the right side of public opinion on foreign policy: except for the Falklands
Labour to 'sweep away' NHS outsourcing
Jeremy Corbyn hits out at 'unreasonable' media intrusion in The One Show interview
The Battle For Number 10: May and Corbyn language analysis
RMT (Transport Union) Recommends Voting Labour
How to vote in Bremain-Conservative/Labour marginal?
Jeremy Corbyn &Labour NHS & Care Policy Speech 2017
Corbyn to take part in TV leaders' debate | Politics
Polling average update: Tories lead Labour by 10pts. Was 20pts on 27 Apr. | Britain Elects on Twitter
If the Tories want to attack Jeremy Corbyn on the IRA, evoking Martin McGuinness won't work
General election: May and Corbyn to miss BBC debate as campaign gets personal  politics live | Politics
Jeremy Corbyn's recent gaffe shows just how out of date Parliament really is...
Chairman of the Board - Working on a Building of Love. This is Jeremy Corbyn's victory music from when he was first elected Labour Leader in 2015.
'He actually cares': why young voters are backing Corbyn's Labour
Jeremy Corbyn eating a Pringle
This Facebook comment about Jeremy Corbyn is going viral
Labour cuts Tory lead to just three points in new poll, with one week to go
I really hope Jeremy Corbyn remains the leader of Labour if they lose
General election poll: Jeremy Corbyn surges ahead of Theresa May in London | The YouGov survey shows Labour surging to a 17 point lead in the UK's capital
As U.K. Polls Tighten, Jeremy Corbyn Mocks Theresa May for Refusing to Attend Debate
Time to confront the medias anti-Corbyn bias
Stop calling Jeremy Corbyn an IRA terrorist sympathiser, it's simply not true
Everybody I've spoken to today are voting Conservatives because Labour will "bankrupt the country". Is there any truth to this?
If Jeremy Corbyn wins I hope there will be a disco revival.
Conservatives' donors give 10 times as much as Labour's in one week | Politics
Theresa May to abandon strategy of attacking Jeremy Corbyn
Why do Yougov polls seem to consistently give Labour a much larger percentage of votes? Is this a flaw in their methodology, or are they getting something right which other pollsters are missing?
What Corbyns debate victory tells us about bias in the British media
Boris Johnson on Brexit, Corbyn and 350m a week - BBC News
Corbyn Will Never...
Imagine the outrage on this sub if the debate audience constantly cheered Rudd and constantly booed Corbyn
Looking for a May/Corbyn Always Sunny Meme I Saw Last Night
Bernie Sanders says he is 'very impressed' by Jeremy Corbyn
Jeremy 'Stormzy' Corbyn - Shut Up Remix in under 40 Seconds
UK General Election polls: Jeremy Corbyn in shock surge as Labour leader now more popular than Theresa May in London
So all that stuff about Jeremy Corbyn being unelectable....
Another reason to admire Jeremy Corbyn.
I thought Labour was heading for disaster. Now I'm voting Corbyn - Calum Campbell
Labour accuses Tories of fake news over video of Corbyn IRA comments | Politics
Election 2017: Labour unveils plan to create a million new jobs. The Plan targets the North-east, North-west and Yorkshire
Labour is the true party of workers  that's why we are investing in the UK's industrial future
Jeremy Corbyn: No Brexit deal is a bad deal
11:19 - Labour and Lib Dems angry that May did not sign G7 letter
Ipsos Mori headline poll (adjusted for likely turnout) has it at 45-40 .... Con-Lab. "All giving a voting intention" is 43-40. To Labour.
Whos laughing now as polls swing to Jeremy Corbyn?
Cor!: Labours surge is giving the Tories a fright | The Economist
Politico.eu - 8 ways Jeremy Corbyn is winning
I'm torn on whether to vote Labour or Lib Dem, I would be happy with either.
Jeremy Corbyn answers your questions  the full NME cover feature (15min)
The fight of his life: on the road with Jeremy Corbyn | Politics
Jacob Rees-Mogg poses next to a Labour poster...
Readers on why they've decided to vote Labour for the first time.
Will Jeremy Corbyn fix the pollution problem in London if elected?
Newspaper headlines: 'Labour - SNP deal'?
Corbyn vows no deals, no pacts if there is a hung parliament
Confident Scousers plan Jeremy Corbyn 'victory RAVE' the day after General Election
The effects of Labour's tax plans
Labour and contractors
Labour and the Tories start to spell out their differences on Brexit
Labour campaign speech live - north east
Jeremy Bernard Corbyn 'What Was Done'
Opinions on the satirical documentary about Jeremy Corbyn, What Was Done.
Labour will block the sale of weapons to repressive regimes if it wins the election
[LIVE] BBC Question Time - Theresa May vs Jeremy Corbyn [LIVE]
Boris tries to throw Labour MP to floor on live TV
Post Match Thread: Question Time, May and Corbyn 2/6/17
I used to be a 55 year old God-fearing lifelong Conservative but Corbyn has convinced me to become a 22 year old Guardian-reading Labour supporter
Theresa May accused of lying about Labour policy on BBC's Question Time
I've spent the last 18 months criticising Corbyn's every move  but now I'll be voting for him at the general election
The Guardian view on our vote: it's Labour
Calculator showing how your tax bill would change under a Labour government
Corbyn challenges May over 'dementia tax'
Bernie Sanders Endorses Jeremy Corbyn in Brighton
I've seen people ask if Corbyn will resign if Labour don't win the election, is there a chance May would resign if the Tories lose seats?
Labour ahead of Conservatives in unadjusted poll of voters
Jeremy Corbyn has heavily implied that he would write off historic student debt, even if youve already graduated
Tories attacked for 'fake news' video edited to show Corbyn refusing to condemn IRA  when he did
Bernie Sanders praises 'courageous' Jeremy Corbyn for 'revitalising democracy'
In the midst of these important questions about Nuclear War and the IRA, we've overlooked the most important issue to put to Mr Corbyn.
A Thanet Conservative councillor has defended calling Jeremy Corbyn a 'racist' on Facebook
GE2017: Akala on anti-Corbyn media bias
Bernie Sanders, in Brighton, speaks on Jeremy Corbyn and the UK election (2/7/17)
Paul Mason claims Theresa Mays attacks on Diane Abbott are RACIST
Fun fact: Jeremy Corbyn just had a drink from the same glass Theresa May used
Watch "James O'Brien vs Daily Mail hypocrisy about Corbyn and immigration" on YouTube
Many steelworkers prefer Theresa May to Jeremy Corbyn at the Tata Steel Social Club in Port Talbot
Lynton Crosbys futile attacks on Corbyn show hes lost his touch
Angela Rayner: Labour will boost Sure Start services that changed my life
Labours plan for the unemployed
Will Corbyn and Theresa have a head to head debate?
Corbyn prepared to forget what critics of him within Labour said. Would you want a group hug with the Corb?
Boris Johnson and Labour's Ian Lavery have heated debate - BBC News
Labour(?) banners on the M40.
Vote for Jeremy Corbyn, Get Diane Abbot as Home Secretary
British volunteers fighting against ISIS in Syria declare support for Jeremy Corbyn
Labour just one point behind the Tories in dramatic new poll after May and Corbyn's Question Time grilling
Labour launches disability manifesto pledging to reverse social security cuts
Jeremy Corbyn's response to the London Bridge attack.
Labour pledges VAT cut to help families on low incomes
Labour's manifesto proposals could be just what the economy needs | The big issue | News
General Election: Conservative lead over Labour cut to just one point, new poll finds
Jeremy Corbyn Is Surging by Using Bernie Sanderss Playbook
May's lead cut to just 1 point over Labour - Survation poll
GE17: Corbyn defence vow after Trident grilling - BBC News
Keir Starmer reveals details of Labour's plan for Brexit if they win the election
General Election: Conservative lead over Labour cut to just one point, new poll finds
Corbyn's response to the latest atrocity
Terror, Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn
The Guardians sudden love for Corbyn is cynical self-interest  dont fall for it
For Britains Labour Party, a Mild Defeat May Be Worst of All
Jeremy Corbyn calls for Theresa May to resign as Prime Minister for presiding over police cuts while Home Secretary
Jeremy Corbyn is right: the Tories have cut 20,000 police officers since 2010 - CH 4 FactCheck
Corbyn today: "We do need to have some difficult conversations starting with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states that have funded and fuelled extremist ideology."
"It will set off a spiral of conflict, of hate, of misery, of desperation, that will fuel the wars, the conflict, the terrorism, the depression, the misery of future generation" - Jeremy Corbyn correctly warned us of the consequence of invading Iraq in 2003.
Labour criticises Theresa May for announcing anti-terror policies during election truce after London Bridge attack
Jeremy Corbyn has said Theresa May should resign because of her record on police funding, ITVs Rachel Younger reports.
Corbyn calls for May to quit over police cuts
Why have the BBC not removed the "Corbyn opposes 'shoot to kill' policy" from their website after it was found to breached impartiality and accuracy guidelines by the BBC Trust?
Pregnant woman with critically ill mother goes viral in a plea for public to vote Labour and save NHS
Corbyn pays tribute to London attack victims and attacks May over police cuts
Jeremy Corbyn Speech - 04/06/2017
If Labour Lose I think its down to the shadow cabinet
"Stop saying he's unelectable!" Grime4Corbyn movement moshes for Jeremy
May reported to police for Abbott comment electoral breach #GE17 #BBCQT
Why is it that 90% of the people on this sub are pro-Corbyn right now?
If (& its still a big if) Corbyn wins on Thursday (or their is a coalition) how well do you think the 'will of the people' Brexit brigade will take the news?
An interesting short fact-based video by LSE about press bias and Corbyn
Corbyn hints at Saudi Arabias record of promoting terrorism after London attack
Genuine question from someone in Northern Ireland about Corbyn
Corbyns approval ratings sail past Meltdown Mays.
Corbyn, McDonnell & Abbott Voted to Allow ISIS Fighters to Return to Britain
Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May clash over security
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn : I'm shocked and horrified - BBC News
So what will happen to May and Corbyn after the election?
The latest YouGov poll asked people what animal they thought Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn were most like (page 14)
 The plot thickens: what does Corbyns allotment say about his politics?
We need to talk about Diane.
Jeremy Corbyn said Isil supporters should not be prosecuted for "expressing a political point of view"
In 2016 Corbyn was mocked for reading aloud a taxpayer's question to Theresa May on police cuts and preventing terror attacks.
Professor Stephen Hawking backs Labour in general election because Tories would be a 'disaster for NHS and police'
Jeremy Corbyn fills the banks of the Tyne  Theresa May cant even pack a small room
Labour's manifesto proposals could be just what the economy needs, says 129 economists.
Jeremy Corbyn held a campaign rally in Gateshead and the crowd was absolutely enormous
Spare me the racist, misogynist rants about Diane Abbott  we all know Boris Johnson is far more incompetent
Tory candidate mocked 'hysterical' Labour's NHS fears - in seat that's having its local hospital downgraded
Why is Theresa May considered stronger on security than Corbyn when it seems (to me anyway) that the truth is the opposite, and what can be done to counter this widespread falsehood in time for us to avoid the tragedy of May being elected PM?
General election poll: Labour one point behind Tory party in latest survey with two days to go
Micheal Crick interviews Corbyn : No extra loss of civil liberties under Labour !
Laura Kuenssberg report on Jeremy Corbyn inaccurate, says BBC Trust
Voting record - Jeremy Corbyn, former MP, Islington North
Jeremy Corbyn confident of winning despite PM's 'utterly ridiculous' claims
Call your grandfolks and ask them to vote Labour for them and for you!
Dear Jezza C. Please just sack Diane Abbot. She's awful and losing you a lot of votes. Cheers.
General Election 2017: Conservative poll lead over Labour narrows to just one point
Jeremy Corbyn's Views Are Popular - (People interviewed on the street reacting to Corbyn policies before and after they know they're his)
Jeremy Corbyns stand against Saudi Arabia supporting terrorism
Diane Abbot struggles to answer questions following London terror attack - Tries to bluff her way through the questions
The improbable rise of Jeremy Corbyn
I've just seen this infographic about Labour (2010) and Tory (2017) economic statistics. Could someone please show me what biases are work in it please?
don't like labour enough to vote for them, don't like the cons enough to votes for them :/ fuctifiknow what to do on thursday ...
Diane Abbott, why?
What do Conservatives think about Jeremy Corbyn?
Lots of talk about Abbott, why so quiet on shadow chancellor McDonnell ?
Diane Abbott is such a disaster. Please Labour, stop rolling her out.
Are Labour's costings just wishful thinking?
Are Labour's proposals exactly what we need?
Jeremy Corbyn on the future of the left (1988) - Newsnight archives
I'd vote DUP here in Northern Ireland if I could get a Tory voter to vote Labour for me.
Another Diane Abbott car crash 3 days before the election
Pat Condell - "A vote for Labour is a vote to put Diane Abbott in charge of police, borders, immigration, and MI5. That should be all anyone needs to know."
Diane Abbott ducks out of big radio debate, claiming to be 'sick' after yet ANOTHER toe-curling TV meltdown but is then spotted out and about on her phone
Why are you intending to vote Conservatives and not Labour this week?
Diane Abbott Countdown Numbers Game (Original Parody)
David Squires on... May's terrorism response and Corbyn's youthful bounce | Politics
How does Diane Abbott still have a job?
Jeremy Corbyn: You don't defeat terrorism by ripping up human rights - BBC News
Theresa May booed and heckled by butchers shouting 'vote Labour' on start of last day of election campaigning
Diane Abbott replaced as Labour's shadow home secretary
Jeremy Corbyn Proud to be Arrested for Anti-apartheid Protest - YouTube
Austerity has strangled the British economy. Only Labour gets this | Joseph Stiglitz
Majority of British voters agree with Corbyn's claim UK foreign policy increases risk of terrorism
Britain's right-wing press set the attack dogs on Corbyn only a day before the election
Jeremy Corbyn pledges support for UK independent music venues
I think Labour might win this.
The 22 year old just on 5 Live comparing Corbyn and Labour to Mao and Stalin
I've never voted with hope before. Jeremy Corbyn has changed that | George Monbiot
'Robotic' May vs 'principled' Corbyn: the UK's top 1% give their election verdicts
Diane Abbott to step aside 'for the period of her ill health', Corbyn says
Labour dominating Twitter discussions, researchers say
Polls: Labour's surging. Non-London doorstep: It's a "nuclear winter for Labour." Party braces for worst.
Ive never voted with hope before. Jeremy Corbyn has changed that George Monbiot
Lucy Fisher: 'Jeremy Corbyn has just refused to confirm he would make Diane Abbott home secretary if he wins the election this week.'
I'm a Labour supporter and I have put faith in my country to do the just thing.
Jeremy Corbyn's latest campaign speech in Birmingham (06Jun17)
Diane Abbott: I will rejoin the fray soon - BBC News
Jeremy Corbyn Supports Future Musicians - Kerrang!
What would happen if the Torys won the most seats but labour won more of the popular vote?
Labour aim to tackle disability poverty  and confront the scrounger stigma | Frances Ryan | Society
Diane Abbott may be flawed. But this is bullying | Gaby Hinsliff | Opinion
Labour / SNP Coalition Question
Corbyn campaigns on the doorstep / Love Actually
Corbyn and the IRA: Would be great to hear some further information on this
My town is staunchly Labour, should I still vote for them or Lib Dems?
Jeremy Corbyn to introduce TERRORIST IRA JIHADI state in YOUR back garden!
Why are the Labour Party allowing Diane Abbott to go on TV?
Labour Privately Preparing for a U.K. Election Defeat
A woman's place is in the Labour manifesto
Jeremy Corbyn addressed rally attended by extremists
Watch "Margaret Thatcher Vs Diane Abbott" on YouTube
Corbyn on the invasion of Iraq, no bullshit, no fake, news 2003.
Whats your opinion on this General Election? Is Theresa May a "Liar Liar" or Is Corbyn a Failure?
Labour apologises to Conservative candidate over "factually inaccurate and misleading article"
