Lib Dems gain 1,000 members in just one hour after snap election is announced | The Independent
List of Labour/Tory marginal seats - vote Lib Dem in these and get Tories.
Do we vote Labour or Lib Dems?
Tim Farron and the Lib Dems will NOT stop Brexit. Regardless of whether you support them or not, this misinformation needs clearing up.
Will you vote for the Lib Dems, after the 2010 fiasco?
Reminder: Tim Farron can turn water into wine.
Lib Dems hope to gain dozens of seats with anti-Brexit campaign | Politics
Should Labour and the Lib Dems work together?
Reminder: Tim Farron: Lib Dems would go back into coalition with Tories
Labour are underestimated. Lib Dems will not gain any seats.
Exclusive: Conservative poll showed party would "lose seats" to the Liberal Democrats
Tim Farron launches rap career as Libdeminem (aka Tim Shady)
Just started to read Corbyns 10 pledges after having read what the Lib Dems have to say, but I stopped after realising it was a complete waste of my time.
Lib Dems say they have real chance of winning Manchester byelection | Politics
Elections are fought with money. Donate to the Lib Dems.
Why you should join the Lib Dems. And then vote for them.
Greens call for electoral pact with Labour and Lib Dems to defeat Tories
Now it's clear: the Lib Dems are the only opposition to the Tories and hard Brexit | Tim Farron
You can criticise him for his other views, but Tim Farron's voting record on LGBT issues is clean
Lib Dems rule out coalition with Jeremy Corbyn's Labour
Tim Farron: "The Lib Dems arent just fighting an election, were fighting Brexit"
Tim Farron refuses to answer homosexuality question
Don't just vote Lib Dem because they're anti-Brexit, look at their other policies as well!
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron comes under fire for failing to clearly answer if he believes homosexuality is sinful.
Whether you're Conservative, Labour, Lib Dem, or Green, it's terrible for this country to have a weak opposition: get involved, join a party, tell your friends, VOTE.
Theresa May attacks 'progressive alliance' of SNP, Lib Dems and Labour
Tony Blair could work alongside Lib Dems in anti-Brexit election campaign
Why we need progressive alliance:Lib Dems projected to gain 0 seats in this election
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron FINALLY says being gay isn't a sin after repeatedly refusing to answer
Jeremy Corbyn rules out forming an electoral pact with the Greens and Lib Dems
Tim Farron: Lib Dem leader refuses to rule out coalition with the Conservatives
Just to clarify: Lib Dems are not fighting Brexit, they're fighting a hard Brexit.
BBC Radio 4 - Today, Cable: 'No prospect' of Lib Dem deal with Labour
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall Defects to Liberal Democrats
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron: I do not think it's a sin to be gay
Why won't Tim Farron rule out a coalition with the Tories?
Could Lib Dems save us from a One Party State?
General Election Candidates for the Lib Dems (not updated yet with all candidates but some for your area.)
Tim Farron: Lib Dem leader refuses to rule out coalition with the Conservatives
Former Labour MP Marshall-Andrews defects to Lib Dems
When Theresa May met Tim Farron at the 1992 election
Theresa May used bogus arguments to justify election, says Tim Farron
Liberal Democrats VS SNP
Tim Farron talks about asylum and immigration
Tim Farron's pledge to voters: Lib Dems won't make coalition deals
Liberal Democrats rule out coalition with Mays Conservatives or Corbyns Labour
Do you think the Lib Dems have been forgiven regarding Tuition Fees?
Lib Dems wont make coalition deals
Liberal Democrats promise second Brexit referendum
Women's issues: how Tim Farron, May and Corbyn voted
Consider voting Tory or Lib Dems over Brexit, Tony Blair says
Tim Farron was right to rule out a coalition agreement  but the Liberal Democrats cannot remain the party of protest forever
Can we finally put to bed the whole Tim Farron homophobe and his religious views to bed?
Lib Dems forced to suspend 'anti-Semitic' candidate
Tim Farron: I don't think gay sex is a sin - BBC News
Lib Dems poised to back dedicated tax to help rescue NHS | Politics
The cruel hounding of Tim Farron is bloodsport for secularists | Coffee House
Tim Farron sacks Lib Dem candidate for 'antisemitic' comments
Is voting for the Lib Dems still considered a wasted vote?
The Lib Dems won't stop Brexit
Brighton Lib Dems vote not to run a candidate against Caroline Lucas
Lib Dems shouldn't count on Remain votes - the data looks bleak | Science
Bob Marshall-Andrews: Why Im leaving Labour and joining the Lib Dems
'Fish Finger' to challenge Cumbrian MP [Farron] in election
Boris Johnson's sister joins Lib Dems in protest against Tory backing for Brexit
Tim Farron: Theresa May is "the prisoner of the Ukip wing of her party"
Caitlin Logan: Is Tim Farron anti-gay or anti-abortion, and does it really matter?
Tim Farron was criticised about his views towards gay marriage, but Theresa May has flip-flopped on the issue in the past
Join the Lib Dems? Have you lost your one last marble, Boris asked me: RACHEL JOHNSON on dragging her political differences with her brother into the national spotlight once again
Tim Farron says he is a 'bit of a Eurosceptic' in bid to win over Brexit voters in Liberal Democrat former south west of England stronghold
Tim Farron says 'I'm a bit of a Eurosceptic' - BBC News
Piers Morgan says Lib Dems aren't best placed to lecture about cynicism in politics, Nick Clegg calls him 'pompous'
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron accosted by angry Leave voter shouting 'I knew what I was voting for'
Tim Farron tackled by Leave voter - BBC News
Nick Clegg sets out Lib Dem EU Remain bid
General election 2017: Tim Farron tackled by Leave voter - BBC News
Since there is a general election coming up, can we have links to the Lib Dems, Labour, Greens, Tories etc subreddits on the sidebar? (Under related subreddits)
Interview with Tim Farron's Brexit-heckler
BBC Parliament - Election 2017, Tim Farron
The Lib Dems' failure to surge makes voting Labour on 8 June more vital
I'm voting tory, having voted lib dem last time. Here's why. Don't downvote just because you disagree.
What are the differences between Labour and the Lib Dems?
Lib Dem General Election candidate for Stratford launches petition against school cuts in Alcester area
Lib Dem and Tory candidates draw straws in Northumberland vote
Lib Dems will invest extra 6 billion in NHS and social care if elected
Lib Dems target gay voters with ad blitz after Tim Farron gay sex row
Email from Tim Farron
Lib Dem Cable Urges People To Tactically Vote Labour
Progressive alliance: Greens, Labour and Liberal Democrats unite to take down Jeremy Hunt
Don't underestimate Tim Farron - he's a man who knows how to win
Tim Farron admits he had Thatcher poster in his childhood bedroom
Lib Dems announce plan to introduce mandatory reporting on the ethnicity pay gap for organisations with 250 employees or more
Former Labour MP Kate Hoey Photoshops Lib Dem rival out of picture but forgets his legs
Progressive alliance: Greens, Labour and Liberal Democrats unite to take down Jeremy Hunt
Labour and Lib Dems head to head on education
Lib Dems pledge 1 bn to end the historic injustice' faced by people with mental ill health
I once led a huge protest against the Lib Dems  but this general election, I'll be voting for them
Jeremy Corbyn, Tim Farron and Michael Gove just got pranked
Vauxhall Lib Dem candidate compares Kate Hoey airbrush stunt to Stalinism
Lib Dems promise to legalise cannabis for everyone over 18
Lib Dems and Labour pledge to double length of paid paternity leave
Liberal Democrats will pledge to legalise cannabis in their general election manifesto
Lib Dems to back a 'regulated cannabis market' in UK
UK Lib Dems to pledge to legalize cannabis
Lib Dems promise to scrap mass snooping powers if elected
Good morning britain lied on air about Farron cancelling interview
Lib Dems promise to scrap mass snooping powers if elected
Lib Dems promise 100-a-week for entrepreneurs' living costs
Liberal Democrat Manifesto 2017
Vote lib dems for another Brexit vote?
Does anyone have a PDF of the Lib Dem Manifesto released today?
Liberal Democrat election manifesto: Use your rent payments to buy your home
Liberal Democrats offer fresh Brexit vote at the heart of manifesto pledges
Lib Dems unveil 'rent to buy' pledge for first time homeowners
Tim Farron says he's pro-choice after 2007 interview emerges
Even Remainers don't like it when unpatriotic Lib Dems back Brussels against Brexit
Tim Farron says he's pro-choice after 2007 interview emerges
UK Liberal Democrats Pledge 30Mbps+ for All by 2022 and 2Gbps+ FTTP
When did this sub turn from Lib Dem to Labour?
How can the Conservatives ever be beaten with the left-wing split between Lib Dem/Labour?
Comparing the Labour, Lib Dem and Conservative manifesto pledges on LGBTQ+ equality
Lib Dem manifesto pledges new EU referendum
Analysing the Liberal Democrat Manifesto
Liberal Democrats launch bizarre Farage/May campaign poster
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron refuses to say whether abortion is 'wrong'
The Liberal Democrats have bought the 'DementiaTax.co.uk' domain name
Tory rules could see nine out of 10 homes sold to pay for care costs, claim Liberal Democrats
Lib Dems replace TV Election Broadcast tonight with this...
Manchester attack: Lib Dem candidate sorry for Facebook post - BBC News
Why are the Andrew Neil interviews being cancelled? I can understand postponing them in light of the attack, but it seems deeply unfair that they would allow May to have 30 minutes of coverage on BBC 1 but disallow Farron, Nuttall, and Sturgeon, and potentially Corbyn.
Lib Dems warn over crime database access - The UK could be "cut off" from an EU-wide crime and security database after Brexit, the Liberal Democrats have warned.
Lib Dems warn over crime database access
Tim Farron: Lib Dems' pro-European strategy will be proved right
3 charts explain what Tory, Labour, and Lib Dem manifesto pledges mean for the UK economy
Tim Farron mocks Theresa May for failing to attend TV debate: 'Watch the Bake Off instead'
Lib Dems are still on fire, their 404 page
Why the Liberal Democrats get our vote - The Economist
Tim Farrons erection still going strong after Bake Off gag
Tim Farron asks where is Theresa May?
As charismatic as Tim Farron is,
The Economist officially endorses the Liberal Democrats
'I'd make my mum PM': Tim Farron in mock TV debate with children
Latest IpsosMORI/Standard Poll: Con 45 (-4), Lab 40 (+6), Lib Dems 7% (nc)
11:19 - Labour and Lib Dems angry that May did not sign G7 letter
Tim Farron - The Andrew Neil interviews
I'm torn on whether to vote Labour or Lib Dem, I would be happy with either.
"Tim Farron again refuses to say whether homosexuality is a sin"
'Your water is changing your sexuality' says Lib Dem candidate
Education lobby group claims Tories and Lib Dems would cut Bath teacher numbers
Financial Times Poll Average: Con (44%), Lab (35%), Lib Dem (8%), UKIP (4%)
Readers on why they're voting Liberal Democrat for the first time
Watch "Tim Farron won't tell LBC caller whether he thinks being gay is a sin" on YouTube
Tim Farron warns of win for terrorists if web is made surveillance tool
Theresa May can't be trusted to get it right on counter-terrorism policy | Tim Farron
Thoughts after BBC Question Times Leader Debate (Lib Dem and SNP)
Vote tactically to prevent Tory landslide, urges Tim Farron
The Lib Dems are now a fringe party. Discuss.
My town is staunchly Labour, should I still vote for them or Lib Dems?
Someone created networks of every interruption in last week's BBC debate. Concludes "Most striking ... is Tim Farrons unimportance".
