Theresa May announces snap general election for June 8th 2017
I bought Conservatives2017.co.uk / .uk / .com and redirected them.
Timely reminder: At present, up to 20 sitting Conservative MPs are the subject of criminal investigations for "election offences" related to the last general election
How To Tactfully Vote To Stop The Tories On 8th June
"PM making a statement in Downing Street at 11:15 - only normally used for most serious moments"
In April, May calls June election
May to seek snap election for 8 June - BBC News
Nicola Sturgeon: Tories will use snap general election to move 'UK to the right and force through hard Brexit'
List of Labour/Tory marginal seats - vote Lib Dem in these and get Tories.
The many times Theresa May ruled out an early election | Politics
Theresa May will not take part in general election debates, say Tory party sources
It feels like no matter how I vote on June 8th, the Tories will still win.
Emily Thornberry, shadow foreign secretary, has challenged Boris Johnson to a TV debate before the general election
Speculation rife over PM statement at Number 10
Theresa May is calling for General Election for the 8th June.
Reminder: Tim Farron: Lib Dems would go back into coalition with Tories
General election 2017: Theresa May will not take part in TV debates, Number 10 insists
Mays election call shows disdain for Northern Ireland
So what happens next if tomorrow May fails to get the two-thirds majority required for a GE as per the 2011 Fixed-term Parliaments Act?
Theresa May is making the general election about Brexit. What is Corbyns position going to be?
Pound recovers after Theresa May statement - BBC News
Exclusive: Conservative poll showed party would "lose seats" to the Liberal Democrats
Here's why Amber Rudd's "barista visa" is a load of hot air
Want a soft Brexit, then I think you're going to have to vote Tory.
The former URL of a Conservative MP looks a bit different now. [NSFW]
The five manifesto pledges Theresa May is likely to drop
Labour MP announces he will not stand again as Theresa May calls for a snap general election
Sturgeon: May election move 'huge miscalculation'
Article: PM seeks snap general election on 8 June
Theresa May's Easter message
Watch LIVE: PM to deliver surprise statement outside No 10
Greens call for electoral pact with Labour and Lib Dems to defeat Tories
British Prime Minister Wants Election Now, Before Cost of Brexit Becomes Clear
Now it's clear: the Lib Dems are the only opposition to the Tories and hard Brexit | Tim Farron
If you want to make a change before the election, remember that you won't do it here. You have to go out and engage with people who would otherwise vote Tory.
Tory MPs face being prosecuted for electoral fraud while they are fighting the upcoming general election campaign
Claims May called an election to escape Tory expenses scandal
Chickening out of TV debates is shameful. Why is May avoiding us? | Caroline Lucas
Stop the Tories - Infogram, charts & infographics
Theresa May scheduled the general election to distract from expenses scandal, say MPs
Im not going to be calling a snap election" Theresa May ( Sept 2016) BBC News
General election 2017: May confirms no TV debates with leaders ahead of vote. [Guardian]
You can view all MP's voting history (including Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn) on the attached link - it includes their voting record on things like human rights, military action, benefits and much more. Let's make informed decisions people!
Theresa May 'won't take part in TV debates' ahead of general election - BBC News
Whether you're Conservative, Labour, Lib Dem, or Green, it's terrible for this country to have a weak opposition: get involved, join a party, tell your friends, VOTE.
Theresa May attacks 'progressive alliance' of SNP, Lib Dems and Labour
You can't trust Theresa May in the general election | Owen Jones talks...
Can anybody explain anybody's reasoning to vote conservatives?
British Pound Rises to 6-Month High After Theresa May's Unexpected Call for an Election in June
Best bit from PMQ today - Yvette Cooper questions May's reasons for the snap election.
Theresa May rules out participating in TV debates before election
There's a lot of hate towards Tory voters in this subreddit. I want to help you understand briefly why an educated young person from a working class background would vote Conservative, even if you disagree.
Tories can win 100-seat majority, poll analysis suggests
Election 2017: May's great lie
What's Spooked Theresa May?
Working on a platform of 'Not the Tories'
May won't take part in TV debates
Theresa May: the country is coming together... Westminster is not.
Theresa May and the cabinet did not discuss the potential instability caused by snap general election
Theresa May has just handed Scottish independence to Nicola Sturgeon on a plate
[Petition] Get The Tories out with electoral alliances
Tim Farron: Lib Dem leader refuses to rule out coalition with the Conservatives
How the general election could go against Theresa May
What is the worst that can happen? More Tories? Tough - bring it on!
How to stop the Tories on June 8th (A cheat sheet)
Snap ICM poll gives Tories 21 point lead and majority of voters think May right to change her mind and call an early election, poll suggests
May has stated she won't be doing TV debates, any news on other leaders?
So you want to remove the Tories, or at least weaken them? -discuss voting UKIP with known Tory voters.
You can't trust Theresa May in the general election | Owen Jones talks...
Subverting the tory message of lies
How to vote to stop the Tories
Every vote for the Conservatives will make May... stronger...
Body Language: Theresa May June 8th Vote
I'm glad Theresa May took into account the HIGNFY filming schedule when announcing the snap election.It's returning this Friday (filming Thursday) with Series 53 Episode 1.
All the times Theresa May refused to call a general election
I made a video on if the PM can call a General Election
"The Labour voters who could back Theresa May" - Never thought I'd see something like this in the North
Theresa May urged to 'give 16 and 17-year-olds election vote' - do you agree?
Everyone remembers the 'Miliband sandwich'; let's not forget 'Theresa May eats a fish'.
Tory ministers laugh as Jeremy Corbyn asks why Brits are getting poorer during PMQs
In PM's first stump speech, without a hint of irony, says of SNP: 'and it's their tunnel vision, focused on independence, that actually provides uncertainty'
Surge in bets for Jeremy Corbyn to become Britain's next Prime Minister
Tories lead by 24 points in first YouGov poll after General Election called...
PM backtracking on TV debates
Dennis Skinner attacks Theresa May for 'squalid' backing of Tory MPs under criminal investigation for election fraud
REPORT: Theresa May is going to promise to end the EU's free movement of people into the UK
Make This Toxic Election Blow Up in the Tories' Faces
Labour is in deep trouble, but it's our only defence against a Tory landslide
Fiona Robertson: Voting Tory in #GE17 is a vote to kill people like me, and you need to know why
Why won't Tim Farron rule out a coalition with the Tories?
Theresa May: "End to free movement"
Tories rehire strategist behind racist London mayor campaign
BBC and ITV set to defy Theresa May over election debates
Shameless Tory bias on the BBC
Gina Miller launches tactical voting initiative against Theresa May's Brexit plans
Why the UK Election Results are the Worst in History. ( A reminder)
Tag Yourself in This Photo of Some Tories
Crushing Dissent: What Theresa Erdogan May's "Election" Really Looks Like - Craig Murray
RemindMe! June 9th Theresa May resigns
Tactical voting to beat the Tories: does the maths equal a coalition?
Douglas Carswell quits, pledges to vote for Torys
Could a big Tory win help civil service cope with Brexit? (x-post /r/TheCivilService)
Is there any way that the electorate can share voting intentions to maximise opposition to the Tories?
Anyone else notice May managed to cram ISIS and the SNP into the same sentence in her stump speech?
Theresa May and the Crisis of British Progressivism
I Made A Petition To Make Louis Theroux The Next Prime Minister
Theresa May loses two senior Downing St advisers in one week
Dennis Skinner on the real reason Theresa May has called an election | Skinner claims the CPS's ongoing investigation into Tory election expenses as motivation, dismissing the idea of 'pushing through' Brexit
Just realised the Prime Minister missed a trick
Theresa May goes missing and Jeremy Corbyn makes a good start
Glasgow is the least Conservative place in Britain, according to latest study
Sky News' Adam Boulton gets called out by MP for going soft on IDS in interview over Tory failure to meet migration target
Hammond hints tax pledge may be dropped - BBC News
General Election 2017: Tories move away from pledge to slash immigration
Theresa May's press secretary quits after General Election called
Theresa May will use election manifesto to ditch Cameron's pledges | Politics
'Don't back me,' says Shetland Tory 'paper candidate'
If you dont think Jeremy Corbyn can win this election then youre a Tory
Tory election manifesto may drop 2015 pledge to not raise taxes
Tim Farron: Lib Dem leader refuses to rule out coalition with the Conservatives
General election 2017: No cut to UK aid spending, says May
Labour has to unite against the Tories, says Corbyn's former leadership rival Owen Smith - Owen Smith
Dial "B" for Britain: The Story of the Landline
Dawn Butler MP interviewed on Radio 4's PM - BBC News
Nigel Farage announces he 'will not stand in this election' - and admits the Tories are on course for a landslide
Theresa May called a general election to bury Tory expenses investigation, says Dennis Skinner MP
Guy Verhofstadt: Dont believe Theresa May. The election wont change Brexit one bit.
How To Vote To Stop The Tories - tactical voting website
Snap Election - Thor Ragnarok parody with Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn
List of stats that show the damage the Conservatives have done to our country
CPS considering charges against over 30 people including Tory MPs over expenses
When Theresa May met Tim Farron at the 1992 election
Theresa May used bogus arguments to justify election, says Tim Farron
General election 2017: PM says Tories are 'party of lower taxes' - BBC News
PSA: You can view the full MOT history of any vehicle with just the reg plate and manufacturer
Could the polling corrections to account for shy tories be artificially inflating the Tory vote and failing to account for potential shy Labour voters.
Theresa May suggests UK health services could be part of US trade deal
Theresa May hits 50% of vote in latest poll - which would deliver a Tory general election landslide
Liberal Democrats rule out coalition with Mays Conservatives or Corbyns Labour
Theresa Mays election power grab slammed by EUs Guy Verhofstadt
Conservatives on course for landslide victory in election, poll suggests
Tories accused of stealing Labour's energy price cap promise
For how much longer do we think Theresa May can dodge questions on Tory's tax plans ?
General Election 2010: Cameron dismisses claim Tories would put up VAT
DAN HODGES: I've voted Labour for 30 years. But on June 8, I MUST vote for Mrs May
Theresa May Doesn't Believe in Brexit - Have I Got News For You
The coming British bloodbath: Theresa Mays snap election will be an epic disaster for the left. But why?
Conservatives to focus on Brexit, energy in poll- minister
Labour will win because they have more money than the Conservatives.
MPs fear Theresa May planning landslide Cabinet shake-up if she wins Election
Why I started the 'Ladies for Philip Davies' pressure group
Theresa Mays secret plans to replace NHS England with private US healthcare system Kaiser Permanente
Tory whistleblowers accuse Conservatives of huge betrayal of electorate over expenses
Theresa May would fire UKs nuclear weapons as a first strike, says Defence Secretary Michael Fallon
Shock poll puts Tories 10 points ahead in Wales for historic win | Wales
UKIP: Schoolgirls should have mandatory check for female genital mutilation (FGM) every year
Find out exactly how your local school will be affected by Tory budget cuts
Theresa May should drop the state pension triple lock
The Tories would be prepared to launch a pre-emptive nuclear strike in 'the most extreme circumstances'
Is it legal to make a leaflet saying don't vote conservative without saying who to vote for?
Women's issues: how Tim Farron, May and Corbyn voted
General election 2017: Women's Equality Party leader to challenge MP Philip Davies - BBC News
Mayor to subsidise 'naked' homes solution to London housing crisis | Society
Jeremy Corbyn should not be allowed to rewrite the history of his support for the IRA
Theresa May hires Obama strategist Jim Messina for election
Consider voting Tory or Lib Dems over Brexit, Tony Blair says
If Corbyn has no chance, why are Tories spreading #fakenews about him? Propaganda
May prepares to obliterate the opposition - and "more traditional" Conservative MPs refer to her as 'Mummy'
Tory party chairman, Patrick McLoughlin, draws 'Comical Ali' jibe after car crash interview
Woman attacked by shark in British territory St Helena
Employment Support Allowance - mandatory reconsideration notice rejected
An Analysis of Conservative Government Failure 2010-2017
Labour will scrap Mays Brexit plan, put economy first
Theresa May in Wales: Britain to 'lead the world in preventing tourism'
this coming election feels like a staged power grab by an authoritarian govt. progressive parties could flip that by working together to achieve a temporary coalition to stop the Tories, and scrap FPTP to get fairer representation next time. If that's what you want write and tell them
Fallon signals Tories could scrap triple "tax lock" if it won power on June 8
Tory windfarm policy endangers cheap energy in UK, commission finds | Environment
General Election 2017: Labour to rip up Tory Brexit plan
Election: Theresa May urges voters to 'strengthen my hand' - BBC News
Tories pinched Labour's energy price cap - but now we need detail
PM targets Welsh seats with 'nationalist' coalition warning - BBC News
Majority of UK voters want Theresa May to face Jeremy Corbyn on live TV
All the anti-gay and lesbian stances Theresa May has taken in her political career
Labour easily beating Tories among voters under 40 despite being 20 points behind overall
NHS staff do #publicduty to expose Tory damage
Tory Brexit stance means they 'cannot call themselves the party of business'
Theresa May's strict immigration rules are keeping the numbers down  by driving British citizens out. Net migration figures are down by 49,000, but 54,000 extra British citizens chose to leave the UK. Is the Prime Minister really getting it right on migration?
Conservative party ignored police requests to hand over internal bullying report | Politics
Source close to Jeremy Corbyn reveals he won't take part in TV debates if Theresa May doesn't.
Tory support in Scotland rises to 33%, new poll shows
UK foreign office cut climate staff in half under Tory government
Thoughts on Today's PMQ? (26th April 2017)
Is there a website that tells you which non-Tory party to vote for in your area?
Theresa May most popular leader since the late 1970s as Jeremy Corbyn hits all time low
David Cameron: Brexit vote *ended* a 'poisoning' of UK politics
Jeremy Corbyn will not take part in General Election TV debates unless Theresa May does
EXCLUSIVE: Theresa May 'a more popular leader than Thatcher or Blair during their best years'
Jeremy Corbyn 'won't do TV debate without May'
The case for an anti-Tory electoral alliance | Letters | Politics | The Guardian
So our national debt has doubled and 6+ years is under the Tories. Brexit stands a good chance to damage us further. Why are they good for the economy?
They say Labour is financially inept. Yet just look at Tory welfare spending
Boris Johnson's Brexit claims steamrollered on live TV by Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid. The Foreign Secretary was pursued over the false boast he backed in the EU referendum campaign by Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid
Boris Johnson says it would be very difficult for the UK to refuse the US if it asked for support in another military strike on Syria.
NHS staff share fears of Conservative general election victory using #PublicDuty hashtag
Another Brexit campaign that dodges the hard questions - Two votes in two years and still no clarity from the Tories on what leaving the EU involves  that doesnt feel like an accident
Conservatives lead over Labour cut by seven points ahead of general election, latest poll shows
The Tory party is asset stripping the UK. Discuss.
Brexit: Conservatives set to drop pledge to withdraw UK from European Court of Human Rights
Kim Jong-May wields power through mediocrity at PMQs
GE2017: Jeremy Corbyn attacks Tories over housing crisis
Forfar locked down after anthrax threat in letter saying Get SNP out. Tories in sent to council
Why is the PM scared of a TV debate?
Boris Johnson: Brexit will usher in new era of free trade deals
Zac Goldsmith reselected as Tory candidate for Richmond Park
Over 100,000 have signed Change.org petition to Theresa May to participate in TV debate
Boris Johnson stands by 350m extra NHS funding after Brexit campaign claim
Jeremy Corbyn will not take part in TV debate without Theresa May
PMQs 26 April 2017 Corbyn v May only
'Mutton-headed old mugwump': Boris Johnson attacks Corbyn
If the cuts are necessary, where's Philip Hammond's deficit target gone?
Theresa May tells EU she wants 'deep and special relationship' after meeting with Juncker and Barnier
Brexit: Boris Johnson says 'some plaster may fall off the ceiling' during negotiations
Boris Johnson's sister joins Lib Dems in protest against Tory backing for Brexit
May wanted to "actually get out and about and meet the voters", but filled a hall in Leeds full of Tory shills instead.
Labour call for investigation after Tory MP tells school kids being gay is 'dangerous to society'
Theresa May accuses every EU country of ganging up on Britain over Brexit
Bland, inoffensive yet meaningless slogan, says Theresa May
Tim Farron: Theresa May is "the prisoner of the Ukip wing of her party"
NHS needs 25bn in emergency cash, Theresa May told
Tories imperial vision for post-Brexit trade branded disruptive and deluded - Top official slams Whitehall notion of colonial-style trade deals and says devising pact between UK and African, Caribbean and Pacific states would take six years
'It's going to be a bloodbath': Tories target high-profile Labour seats | Politics
If Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn were caught on mic offending a voter (like Gordon Brown's 'bigot' comment in 2008), what would the press reaction be?
So Metro Mayors...
Photos of pubs and a little bit of interesting history on each
Merkel's Brexit stance shows need for Tory poll win - May
Old story but worth sharing - "My brawl over Brexit with Prime Minister, Theresa May"
Theresa May Will Destroy The Labour Party - The Thinkery
Prime Ministers question time
Teresa May asked what a Mugwump is, replies with " strong and stable economy "
Exlcusive: Theresa May is blocking the passing of the EU budget resolution in the EU parliament as a bargaining chip for Brexit negotiations (article in German)
Theresa May's latest hostile statement shows why she should not be given a "mandate". She would isolate the UK.
Mays Conservatives caught cutting Education funding in rival seats to plug funding gaps in Tory seats.
29 reasons why you should vote Conservative for "strong and stable leadership"
Britain's Brexit denial: How did the May-Juncker dinner go? "Badly. Really badly."
Professor for EU law Michael Dougan on Theresa May's Brexit election pitch
Caroline Lucas: Food poverty is the biggest indictment of the Tory Government - The i newspaper online iNews
The establishment uncovered: how power works in Britain | The powerful once faced significant threats that kept them in check. They opposed universal suffrage. Times have changed. The British establishment is aggressively annexing power in a way that has no precedent in modern history
Tories aim to win with apathy and low turnout  Jeremy Corbyn speech | LabourList
Theresa Mays stage-managed election campaign keeps the public at bay
Might May be trying to lose the election ?
The Tories are not Stable and Secure
Professor Michael Dougan analysis on Theresa May's Brexit election pitch
Theresa May on Andrew Marr when asked about UK nurses using food banks - "There are many complex reasons people use food banks"
British PM May sees lead over Labour fall by 10 points in a week: YouGov
Theresa May interview on Andrew Marr today (she says "strong and stable leadership" within the first 30 seconds)
Tim Farron was criticised about his views towards gay marriage, but Theresa May has flip-flopped on the issue in the past
PM accused of 'hiding from public' again after Scottish forest event
How To Vote To Stop The Tories - tactical2017.com
The Theresa May drinking game
Green Party agrees electoral alliance with Womens Equality Party in bid to oust Shipley MP Philip Davies
Tory activists call Theresa May 'Mummy' because motherhood is the one kind of female power her party tolerates
David Cameron buys 25,000 garden shed 'to write in'
EU threatens Theresa May on trade talks and its citizens' rights | Politics
David Cameron spends 25,000 on luxury shed.
The best thing you can do to get the tories out is canvas in your local area
Join the Lib Dems? Have you lost your one last marble, Boris asked me: RACHEL JOHNSON on dragging her political differences with her brother into the national spotlight once again
Meanwhile at Conservative HQ ;)
May vows to protect pensions from 'unscrupulous bosses' - BBC News
Theresa May Can't Answer Questions
"Strong and stable" slogan used 25 times in the Commons in 10 days, 16 times during PMQs on 26 April, and 12 times in one speech by Theresa May
Jean-Claude Juncker says Theresa May is 'deluded' in scathing call with Angela Merkel after Brexit talks
Five hundred head teachers accuse Theresa May of pushing schools 'to breaking point'
Theresa May faces fresh accusations of 'hiding' after Scotland rally publicly listed as child's birthday party
Awkward. 'Real people' on the campaign trail didn't answer their door to Theresa May.
The economic slowdown is another reason Theresa May called an early election The Prime Minister has gone to the country before the living standards squeeze becomes too strong.
disastrous Downing Street dinner between Jean-Claude Juncker and Theresa May blow hole in Brexit plan
Labour blasts 'complacent' Theresa May after damning Juncker dinner report
Labour gain on Theresa Mays Conservative party in the polls
Theresa May denies calling general election just to avoid Tory fraud claims
May 'doesn't recognise' account of Juncker dinner
Kim Jong-May awkward and incredulous as journalist asks question | John Crace | Politics
Juncker tells May he is '10 times more sceptical than before' on Brexit
Theresa May denies calling general election just to avoid Tory fraud claims
Theresa May has been asked if she thinks gay sex is a sin. No, May abruptly replied.
Details emerge of disastrous meeting between Theresa May and Jean-Claude Juncker on Brexit
Theresa May's disastrous Brexit meeting with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker laid bare | The Independent
I would like to read a politically neutral history of the UK through the 20th Century to today - ideas?
May Day report by MPs damns growing UK gig economy
Theresa May Lifesize Cardboard Cutout - Amazon.co.uk [Read Customer Reviews]
More or Less, Fact-checking Boris Johnson (Audio)
Scandal as NHS plasma supplies sold off by Tories for 230 million sold on to Chinese for 820 million
I fear Theresa May is negotiating us all towards Brexit disaster - Keir Starmer
Anger as Theresa May locks reporters out of factory visit ahead of Devon trip
Tories under fire for banning local paper from filming Theresa May
Theresa May thinks she can bark orders at EU like civil service, says Clegg
Media banned in Cornish visit by There A May
Tom Watson labels Boris Johnson a 'cheese-headed fopdoodle'
How Theresa May could lose the general election
Theresa May and Jean-Claude Juncker's dinner leaked because no-one thinks Brexit will work
George Osborne's Evening Standard editorial says PM's election campaign 'amounts to no more than a slogan'
I translated that infamous German article concerning the May-Juncker dinner that everyones been
An underreported aspect of the famous Brexit dinner: May wants to throw EU citizens and UK expats under the Brexit bus
The old paper 5 stop being legal tender on the 5th May 2017
Revealed: How EU has been secretly plotting to block Theresa May over EU migrants for weeks
Prime Minister Theresa May visits Cornwall ahead of General Election
May Says Leak of Juncker Clash Shows Brexit Talks Will Be Tough
Theresa Mays claim that every vote matters is false; and hears the evidence from every post-war election
Osborne's first Evening Standard edition shows resolve to take on May
'In other election developments: Theresa May meets fishermen and eats chips on visit to Cornwall' ..thanks BBC.
Caroline Lucas says Labour's block on Tory-limiting alliance a 'betrayal' - Green co-leader says Labour is giving Conservatives blank cheque for hard Brexit
Welfare reform is not only cruel but chaotic. Theresa May must address this | Patrick Butler | Society
Cabinet Office responds to allegations of Prime Minister's Brexit "conflict of interest"
Conservatives have 19-point lead over Labour, latest Guardian/ICM poll suggests
Britain's May says EU united in getting deal that 'works for them'
Theresa May's Brexit Platform
[PDF] Manufacturing PMI rises to three-year high [57.3] signalling solid start to second quarter
Theresa May booed out of Bristol - Conservative Party Campaign - General Election 2017
ITV will 'empty chair' May and Corbyn after both rule out taking part in a TV debate
Millions saw Theresa May crumble after one simple observation from Andrew Marr [VIDEO]
General election 2017: May accuses EU figures of meddling in election
Brexit: Theresa May says she'll be 'bloody difficult' to Juncker - BBC News
New conservative election money scandal is brewing
Theresa May awkwardly eating chips could be 2017's 'bacon sandwich'
Theresa May accuses EU of meddling in UK general election. PM says European politicians and officials are behind deliberately timed threats aimed at influencing election result.
Wiz Theresa's new single "Strong and Stable"
Who said it: Theresa May or Recep Tayyip Erdoan? "I believe we can build a more secure and united nation by standing up to the separatists who wish to tear our country apart."
Theresa May eating chips is even more akward than you'd imagine
Is Theresa May misleading voters over the NHS?
You can't drink Costa coffee and be working class, Tory candidate claims
Theresa May accuses EU of trying to affect UK election
A 72-year-old woman has admitted sending death threats to Theresa May
Hell for your family. Debt. Taxes. - Tory David Davis suffers 'Thick of It' moment as 'bombshell' poster dramatically backfires
If the reason for May's snap election was to give herself a mandate then she should also call a second referendum
Germany 'interfering in General Election in attempt to undermine Theresa May'
Labour 'struggling to match Tories election spending'
Surfing, May, the UK.
May expected to challenge right of EU citizens to bring family to Britain
Tory tax cuts putting pressure on the NHS | Letters | Society
Tories lay into Jeremy Corbyn with 'tax bombshell' advert
[Opinion] You cant just cut and run from Europe, Theresa May  its illegal
JPMorgan Confirms the 3 Cities Where Staff Will Move Because of Brexit
May: Juncker will find me 'bloody difficult woman' in Brexit talks | Politics
Labour vs. Tory: polling and party solidarity.
Party Election Broadcast by the Conservative Party
The Green Party Mayor Candidate was excluded from Manchester Mayor hustings in Salford, as member gets forcibly ejected
Theresa May is a "strong and stable" leader
Tories claim Labour would unleash "economic chaos" on Britain with 45bn tax and debt bombshell in new campaign poster
Since there is a general election coming up, can we have links to the Lib Dems, Labour, Greens, Tories etc subreddits on the sidebar? (Under related subreddits)
The petition debate about TV licences (which was due to happen on Monday 8 May) has had to be cancelled because of the general election.
The inside story of Labour Leave: the left-wing Eurosceptics who toppled a Tory Prime Minister
Conservative MP Charity Appeal
Theresa May admits Brexit puts everyone's 'economic security and prosperity at risk'
Why is the British PM lying ?
The Erdogan of Downing Street, a Le Pen in No 10: that's how Merkel sees May | Stephan Richter | Opinion
Theresa May described as 'Richard Nixon and Cersei Lanninster hybrid by Labour shadow minister. Emily Thornberry describes the Prime Ministers speech as being 'preposterous, paranoid and xenophobic'
Theresa May accused of 'poisoning' EU talks
EU says 'deal with reality' after May's comments
Disabled People Against Cuts descend on Tory HQ Protesting DWP and austerity #TrashTheTories May 2nd Old Palace Yard
The six Brexit traps that will defeat Theresa May | Yanis Varoufakis
UK Conservatives' lead over Labour widens to 24 points - Kantar poll
Theresa May's speech might win her the election but it could cost Britain everything
Theresa May has accused the EU of trying to influence the result of Britain's general election by maliciously leaking the content of discussions to the media.
George Osborne stokes Tory rebellion over education funding
Tory councillor Michael Watson suspended over race-hate Twitter storm
The Story of Spice, the Street Drug That's Not Going Away
Conservatives may push for fresh Commons vote on Syria airstrikes after election
Theresa May is urged not to rush into attack on Syria after election
"Stronger Stabler" by Maydiohead
Hi everyone. Today, May 5th is Liberation day. We celebrate the end of the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands thanks to the allies. I would like to thank all the british soldiers who had a part in this.
Local elections 2017 results live: Tories prosper, Ukip obliterated, Labour humiliated
Theresa May's Brexit Britain can no longer be considered a serious country
Theresa May is already blaming Brussels for the failure of Brexit and it will be the Remainers next
A Conservative election victory could spell the end of council housing
What positive things have the Conservatives done/going to do?
Andy Burnham is Greater Manchester Mayor
SNP brings a HSBC loan that made its way to the Conservative party via a third party to the attention of the electoral commission
You can't trust a word Theresa May says | Owen Jones talks...
Local and mayoral elections: Conservatives make early gains - BBC News
Popped in for r/ireland to see how ye are dealing with brexit, does everyone hate the Tories here? I thought they were poling at nearly 50%.
With Brexit and the authoritarian Snooper's Charter, who is voting Tory, seeing as they seem to have enormous majority?
The Conservative's Andy Street is the new mayor for the West Midlands
Theresa May can't even feign interest convincingly
JPMorgan Confirms the 3 Cities Where Staff Will Move Because of Brexit
HSBC accused of laundering money to the Conservative Party in pay-to-play scandal
I'm voting tory, having voted lib dem last time. Here's why. Don't downvote just because you disagree.
Straws deny Conservatives in Northumberland election - BBC News
There might be some problems with the Conservatives new election poster
Tusk tells PM: Don't let emotions get out of hand
Brexit: Jean Claude Juncker takes swipe at UK stating 'English is losing importance' amid ongoing row with Theresa May
Andy Burnham wins post for Mayor of Greater Manchester
UK construction growth surprises, hitting four-month high - PMI
Local and mayoral elections: Conservatives make early gains - BBC News
May's Tories Score Biggest U.K. Local-Election Wins in Decades
Lib Dem and Tory candidates draw straws in Northumberland vote
Tories denied majority on council by one seat after drawing straws as a tiebreaker
Andy Street Elected Conservative Mayor of West Midlands
A Message From Theresa May, The Strong And Stable Prime Minister
New Tory slogan Were going to f**king kill you all not putting people off.
Jeremy Corbyn: We are closing the gap on the Tories
Theresa May's cruel cuts will cost a dying man's family 50,000 if he lives beyond Wednesday
Green Party candidate for Oxford West and Abingdon Cheryl Briggs steps down in tactical bid to beat Tories
Local elections 2017: Number of newspapers run full front-page Conservative advert on polling day
A Tory landslide is on the way, but what Theresa May is doing is the opposite of leadership
Michael Fallon won't say if Theresa May will push for military action in Syria against Bashar al Assad's regime
Tory candidate Andy Street wins first West Midlands mayoral election
Theresa May closing in on 100-seat majority, local elections suggest
Labour's hint of a pulse leaves Theresa May unsated | John Crace | Politics
Theresa May asks people of Britain to follow her - but won't say where she's going, says Jeremy Corbyn - Jeremy Corbyn
Green Party stands aside in crucial seats to help keep Conservatives out
The Tory Government Is Killing People.
Theresa May ejected from McDonalds after repeated strong, stable leadership responses jam drive-thru
Theresa Mays and Englands Massive Miscalculations on Brexit
Theresa May pledges mental health revolution will reduce detentions: Prime minister says new legislation is needed to end discrimination resulting from current Mental Health Act
Is Theresa May silencing the academy?
Biggest Brexit donor urges May to guarantee rights of EU nationals
General election 2017: Conservatives pledge to end mental health 'injustice'
Could it be that a lot of those 3 members of Labour are actually Conservatives working to undermine Labour?
Theresa May charges into battle
Conservative MP Paul Maynard: Food banks can become bad habit among poor people
You cant just cut and run from Europe, Theresa May  its illegal
Tory fraud investigation: CPS to announce before general election whether it will press charges
David Dimbleby will host two Question Time Election Specials (Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn will appear on 2nd June)
Investigatory Powers: 'Real-time surveillance' in draft update - BBC News
Conservatives open up record lead - ICM poll
Is it just me, or has the general media suddenly made a swing against the Tory party?
Tory fraud investigation: CPS to announce before general election whether it will press charges
Tories will keep pledge to cut migration to 'tens of thousands' - BBC News
Home Secretary Amber Rudd vows to make Pret hire more Brits and stop relying on EU staff
Loads of Britain's 100 richest people have donated more than 19 million to the Tories and nobody's at all surprised
French elections other big loser: Theresa May
General Election TV debates: BBC announces election programmes featuring Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May
Ofcom to probe high cost of directory enquiry calls
Amber Rudd won't say if immigration target to stay - BBC News
Lib Dems announce plan to introduce mandatory reporting on the ethnicity pay gap for organisations with 250 employees or more
After 7 years of Tories, how are they still managing to blame problems on "the previous Labour government"
Theresa May announces she wants to bring back fox hunting
Its official: The more young people that vote the more likely the Tories are to LOSE
Political journalists complain about level of PR control at Theresa May campaign events
Tory policies will deny homes to hundreds of thousands of pensioners and disabled people, warn housing chiefs
BBC Radio 4, it's like the Tories have already won.
Secret Tory plot to bring back fox hunting revealed in leaked email
29 reasons not to vote Conservatives
A Tory landslide does not equate to a mandate on Brexit
Theresa May wants to scrap the Mental Health Act. Heres what should replace it
Prime Minister Theresa May in York (for security reasons we've been asked not to specify where the Prime Minister is speaking.)
Do you think May is going to increase National Insurance should the Conservatives win?
General election 2017: PM vows to end 'rip-off' energy bills - BBC News
How come every political post I see here pretends as if Labour and Conservatives do not sit directly next to each other on the political compass?
Software developers / tech companies; how do you comply with the Investigatory Powers Act?
Theresa May's Brexit attack on Brussels overshadows UK economic downturn as general election looms
What happens if Theresa May doesn't win her own seat?
Is the call for an 'anti-Tory alliances' denying voters democratic choice?
We were kinda hoping youd forgotten about Labour suggesting energy price controls, admit Tories
Enemies of the state: the 40-year Tory project to shrink public services
Theresa May confirms she wants to bring back fox hunting after secret Tory plot exposed - Mirror Online
Tories Extend Lead to 22 points according to latest ICM poll
Next season of 13 Reasons Why sees Theresa May receive 13,000 tapes
Local and Mayoral Election roundup
CPS press no charges over alleged 2015 Tory election over-spending, but one case outstanding
Jeremy Corbyn pledges 20bn for schools revolution by scrapping Tory plan to cut corporation tax | The Independent
Conservative election expenses charging decision due - BBC News
Theresa May refuses to confirm she wouldn't make more cuts to disability benefits
anyone watching this absolute cringe fest on BBC 1 with Theresa may?
People who plan on voting Conservative, why do you plan on voting Conservative?
Labour cuts Conservative poll lead by eight points
Why not compare Theresa Mays actions to it's consequences
Theresa May's immigration duplicity exposed
Westmorland Gazette readers demand apology for paper running front-page Tory advert on day of local elections
Investigatory Powers Act: Back doors, black boxes, and tech capability regs
Theresa May finally speaks about Chechnya's concentration camps for gay men after a plea from a cross-party group
Incisive quote by me on the difference between Labour and Conservative voters
Exclusive: 100 moderate Labour MPs to form breakaway group if Jeremy Corbyn stays on after a Tory landslide
Theresa May wanted to be Prime Minister while serving under David Cameron, her husband reveals
Suggestion for Theresa May
Tory election spending: CPS announces it will not charge Conservative candidates amid campaign spending allegations
Question Time:17 June 1999 - Theresa May's first appearance
If MSM is so pro Tory why is May keeping them at distance?
Theresa May (and husband) on BBC One Show: full interview
Marine A: 'Only those present know the full story' - BBC News
A Message From Theresa May, The Strong And Stable Prime Minister
Why should I not vote Conservative? 29 nasty policies you shouldn't forget in the 2017 general election
Theresa May 'refusing to take press questions she hasn't pre-approved', claims Michael Crick - Channel 4 political correspondent says member of Prime Minister's campaign team told him not to bother raising his hand as he 'wasnt on the list'
It's downright shameful that Theresa May has promised a free vote on fox hunting but not on a Brexit deal
The Tories' Mental Health Proposals Are Utter Bullshit
Tory MP candidate 'claims she healed deaf man through prayer '
Myth-busting the Tory election fraud  A 10-point guide (The secret barrister)
Theresa May admits Calais border controls could be up for discussion after Macron's election victory
May taking pre- approved questions
Shouldn't the press remind people that "yougov" is a potentially biased polling company (set up by known conservatives and nothing to do with gov.uk) every time they quote them?
Why are the British so reluctant to recognise our migration history?
Theresa May says there are 'boy jobs and girl jobs' in the home
Steel union slams Prime Minister Theresa May's visit to British Steel works in Scunthorpe
Is Theresa May's support for fox-hunting a tactic to avoid a Tory landslide to keep Corbyn as Labour leader?
Tories target Blair country
Labour's campaign is dominated by tax plans  we shouldn't forget the Tories' broken financial promises
Vote anything other than the conservative party reasons given in post
Leaked Tory manifesto just Strong and Stable on the side of the bus
Theresa May faces angry NHS workers during LBC radio phone-in
Theresa May has older voters to thank for her mammoth polling lead
The Tories have violated disabled peoples human rights. We must vote wisely
Labour will make Britain a force for good - the Tories would take us to war | Emily Thornberry | Opinion
Progressive Alliance: Labour and Greens agree on bid to oust Amber Rudd
Theresa May is hosting a live Q&A on LBC, tonight (11/5) at 7 pm
What are the tories policies?
From May 2016: NHS hospitals are 'ripe and vulnerable targets' for ransomware cyberattacks
Most expensive divorce in history of UK: Russian billionaire Ahmedov obliged to pay his ex-wife 453 million pounds.
Labour MPs reject Jeremy Corbyn's manifesto as Theresa May warns the party has 'abandoned' working class
Question for Theresa May from Leeds Factory Worker
Record investment or NHS funding crisis? The stats behind Theresa May's spending boast
Poll shows people LOVE Labour's manifesto policies - but don't rate Jeremy Corbyn as a Prime Minister
Tories cut security support for outdated NHS computers a year ago despite warnings of vulnerability to hackers
Theresa May is creating an epidemic of poverty. Don't give her a free hand | Gordon Brown |
If Corbyn has deserted' the working class, what exactly have the Tories been doing for the past seven years?
Only 15% have heard May mention "strong & stable leadership".
Isn't the cyberattack on the NHS an indictment of the current Tory government and their inability to run the NHS or other parts of government with their incessant cost cutting measures?
NHS cyber-attack: Amber Rudd says lessons must be learnt - BBC News
EUROPP  Delusions and meddling: 30 years of Tory Euroscepticism are coming to the fore
General election 2017: Tory plan to let young erase online past
Ukip could hand Theresa May landslide victory after deciding not to put up candidates in 29 marginal seats
Theresa May to finally answer questions from the public in Facebook Q&A session
Conservatives pledge to give web users power to erase online history
Leaked: Tory 2017 Manifesto
General Election 2017: May parks her bus in Labour heartlands - BBC News
'Why don't you fuck off back to Scotland': Tory MP blasts schoolgirl wanting Scottish independence
Tories forced to admit they wont spend any new money on social housing plan
Theresa Mays Brexit trade deals are going to give away your rights to investors
Gordon Brown accuses Tories of 'waging war against poor' - BBC News
The Tories are playing "IRA supporter" card early arent they?
Tory Councillor Deletes Twitter Post After Anti-Irish Tweet
After this Jonathan Pie video went viral, are we in danger of repeating the same thing with Theresa May? We laugh at people who are believing May's lies, call them all sorts of names, but when they get in the voting booths they won't have changed their mind, they'll have just kept quiet
Progressive alliance would not stop Tory majority, study suggests
May Pledges New Right-to-Buy Plan to Boost U.K. Social Housing
Facebook users will be given new legal right to delete all posts they made as teenagers, Tories announce
General election 2017: Council housing increase promised by Tories
The rise of the "Re-Leavers" points towards a Conservative landslide
Reality Check: Have Tories kept army pledge?
Eurovision, the mandatory torture event, is nearly over
Theresa May confronted by disabled woman angry over government cuts on campaign trail
Theresa May opposed the introduction of workers rights she is now promising to protect
From the IRA to apartheid, Iraq war to Hamas, Jeremy Corbyn has been on the right side of history [2015]
Theresa May confronted over disability benefit cuts
BBC deny Question Time bias over Tory councillors
Tory councillor suspended over offensive Eurovision Song Contest tweet
Been arrested 09/May/2017 -[Got Question]
May gives all workers new rights to time off
Theresa May takes your questions live on Facebook
General election 2017: Theresa May rules out votes at 16 - BBC News
Which currently-sitting Tory or Labour MP would make the best UK prime minister?
Tories promise Workers' rights Protections if elected
Conservative candidates 'making electoral pacts with Ukip' | Politics
Working-class voters increasingly back May in key marginal seats
If moderate Labour MPs broke away, wouldn't this just strengthen the Tories?
Tory MP swore at Scottish schoolgirl who said she was pro-independence
David Squires on ... Theresa May meeting voters, hip-hop IDS and aspirational foxes
David Squires on ... Theresa May meeting voters, hip-hop IDS and aspirational foxes | Politics
The Snap: Jeremy Corbyn faces Tory grab for Labour voters
Nadhim Zahawi: A message from Labour voters in my seat that Ive never heard before. Theyre backing a Conservative Prime Minister.
Theresa May's pledge on workers' rights 'worthless' due to tribunal fees she voted for
Theresa May in quarantine at Tory HQ after contact with real member of public
Tax Research UK  The Conservatives have been the biggest borrowers over the last 70 years
Jeremy Corbyn ambushes Theresa May during Facebook Live event with TV debate challenge
Theresa May says she supports fox hunting because other ways of killing foxes are 'cruel'
DWP admits staff have a target to uphold 80% of 'mandatory reconsiderations' (ie reject appeals) and achieved 87.5%
Tory MP apologises after telling Scottish schoolgirl who said she was pro-independence to f*** off
Theresa May facebook appearance
Severn tolls: Conservative election pledge to scrap charges
Five Brexit questions for the Tory manifesto
Theresa May reveals she injects herself with insulin every few hours for diabetes
Let's Play: Super Tory Party
How Theresa May Is Recruiting an Army of Hard Brexit Backers
The Guardian view on Theresa May and workers rights: a start, but much still to prove | Editorial
Chancellor Philip Hammond got the HS2 cost wrong by 20,000,000,000, wheres the media criticism? Diane Abbott got?
Conservatives must make manifesto commitment of 350m a week for the NHS, say doctors
Tory Philip Hammond skewered in BBC interview as he gets his figures in a major muddle
17% of current Labour voters would like the Conservative party to win the election.
Conservative "Newspaper" Campaign Leaflet
a Humiliating performance by Amber Rudd is being brushed under the carpet because Diane Abbott couldn't find the exit.
Question for the tories
'Im suffering': woman who confronted May tells of disability cuts ordeal
Two Conservative councillors suspended over tweets
Heres how someone managed to get The Sun to publish the most ridiculous fake news story ever
Conservative Party 'clearly worried' about progressive alliance and tactical voting
The Great NHS Heist Documentary trailer No3 - Ken Loach May 2017
It seems as if Channel 5 purposely omitted positive black stories in Gangland
Henry Hill: May must start to close the gap between Britain and Ulster
Let's Play: Super Tory Party
Theresa May marches into UKIP country
Nicola Sturgeon: Labour and Tory manifestos are stealing SNP policies
Tory Sports Day
Theresa May XP. Strong and stable.
Where is the outrage that the Tory party did not even try to cost their manifesto?
May called 'lunch snatcher' over plans to scrap free school meals
20 promises the Tories have broken since being elected two years ago
2017 Conservative Party Manifesto
The difference between the BBC news website's headline covering the Labour manifesto and the Tory manifesto is ridiculous.
Sky News claims it is being barred from covering the Tory election campaign
Michael Gove Gets His Numbers Hopelessly Wrong On Tory Manifesto
Theresa May to unveil policy of making older people pay for social care
Conservatives will force people to use photo ID to vote, stopping millions from taking part in future elections
Theresa May's numbers gaffe was far worse than Diane Abbott's  so why isn't she being attacked too?
Tory manifesto: Thousands of foreign spouses to be barred entry to UK as income limit increased
Conservative manifesto: Firms to pay more to hire migrant workers - BBC News
UK General Election poll: Jeremy Corbyn given boost as Labour narrows gap with Tories after manifesto launch
Tory Manifesto will not implement the second stage of reform from the leveson inquiry and will repeal Section 40 of the Crimes and Courts Act
Theresa Mays social care system is a lottery. Just hope youre not unlucky
BBC Says It May Contact Your Boss If You Post Comments It Finds Problematic
Strong and Stable mentioned 13 times in Conservative party manifesto.
Tory manifesto seems pretty light on concrete environmental policies.
Election 2017: Conservatives back fracking 'revolution' in the party manifesto
May and Corbyn refuse to appear in ITV leaders' debate
What about our Human Rights? (Conservative Manifesto)
How can the Conservatives ever be beaten with the left-wing split between Lib Dem/Labour?
Labour councillors in Aberdeen suspended over Tory coalition
May says UK will keep sharing intelligence with US
Hard Evidence: do we become more conservative with age?
Labour voters, which Tory policies do you agree with? Tory voters, which labour policies do you agree with?
Conservatives to abandon Leveson 2 press enquiry
Boris Johnson berated in Sikh temple after Brexit whisky tariffs gaffe
Theresa May - the consumer champ to slap fat cats!
May will block indyref2 until there is 'public consent'
Anti-Tory Propaganda by Darren Cullen
Comparing the Labour, Lib Dem and Conservative manifesto pledges on LGBTQ+ equality
General Election 2017: Is Theresa May a 'Red Tory'? - BBC News
Evening Standard comment: Its time to scrap the Tory migration cap
Who is Theresa May? (Profile and interview)
Tory manifesto: May's bid to be tough not cruel - BBC News
Never-Ending Tory Deficit Reduction Horizon - Guido Fawkes
Theresa May to create new internet that would be controlled and regulated by government
So Labour created a document going over 50 Tory failures, all sourced
The Tory manifesto is an uncosted shambles
No passport, no vote: why this cynical Tory plan will suffocate democracy
Jamie Ross on Twitter: Scotland's media is gathered in a room in Edinburgh for the PM but we've been asked not to tell you where until she starts speaking.
Worrying statement at the end of the Conservative manifesto...
Tories to stop the Levenson Inquiry, which was set up to investigate corporate governance in Murdoch's media empire. Moreover, Section 40...which would have forced newspapers to pay the costs of legal action taken against them...has also been dropped.
"What Will Happen To Me, Mrs May?": Heart-Wrenching Call From Carer to LBC radio
Sir Michael Fallon concedes that the Tory manifesto doesn't contain policies but only "ambitions"
90% of pensioners will see their Winter Fuel Payments cut under the Tories.
Can you trust Theresa?
German business leaders urge Tories to rethink plan to leave single market
Tory manifesto 2017: We can be world leader again in Internet regulation and snooping!
Scottish Tories demand exemption from Theresa Mays Winter Fuel Allowance cuts because its colder
Conservative party manifesto launch, factchecked
Liechtenstein Tells May She Can't Be Better Off Than EU's Allies
General election 2017: Tories don't know economic cost of migration cuts, Fallon admits | politics live | Politics
Conservative election manifesto actually the Necronomicon
Tory manifesto promises to tackle 'injustice' of mental health but will give no extra funding for services
Tory voters, how are you feeling about this election?
Prime Minister Theresa May wants to change the way that London elects a mayor
Millions of pensioners to lose winter fuel cash under Tory plans
Theresa May seizes winter fuel payments from millions of the richest pensioners in Tory manifesto raid
The Tory manifesto proposal for paying for elderly care is a recipe for disaster
A Tory victory will see the housing crisis continue | Dawn Foster | Housing Network
Theresa May wants to change the way that London elects a mayor
Tax Burden to Hit Highest Level Since 1969 Under May
Conservative manifesto: Lack of costings leave blanks to be filled in - BBC News/Laura Kuennsburg
Conservative manifesto: No timetable for migration pledge
May delights her fans in the press - BBC News
The Tory/Labour split in a nutshell.
Forget 'dark networks', the Conservative Manifesto shows real power still resides with the traditional press.
Conservatives plan to change definition of refugees and reduce asylum claims to UK, manifesto reveals
Paddy Power currently have better odds on Tony Blair becoming next UKIP leader than David Cameron
Scottish Labour councillors vote for Tory provost
Does anyone else think May or Corbyn, might pull a fly one and leave it to the last minutes to show up at the Leaders debate trying to embarrass the other?
A simple policy that Labour could announce that would kill the Tories on Brexit
May signals break with Thatcherism by farming old people.
GE 2017 Prediction: Leo Barasi - Projection of Tory victory narrows to 13-16pts as Corbyn's ratings improveimprove - Noise of the Crowd
Watch the embarrassing moment furious Sikh woman confronts Boris Johnson over alcohol gaffe in temple
Tories promise 'shared prosperity fund' after Brexit
Mays vision for Britain: What the papers say
Leaders' debate: Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn absent from five-way clash - BBC News
QUENTIN LETTS on Theresa May's manifesto launch
General Election 2017: Party leaders clash at ITV debate as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn sit it out
Pinknews Q&A: Prime Minister Theresa May answers questions on a range of LGBT issues
May and Corbyn Get Honest, Except on Brexit
Tories drop ban on elephant ivory in manifesto
Tories decide kids no longer need free school meals now theyre being so well-fed by food banks
Before you vote for Theresa May, remember the Investigatory Powers Bill and the recent news that she wants to create a new Internet.
Jeremy Corbyn far more likely to be attacked by media than Theresa May, election reporting audit reveals
Theresa May could waive rights to 95 per cent of British waters after Brexit, fishermen fear
40,000 people die per year in the UK because of air pollution, so why is there nothing about it in the Tory manifesto?
Tory Manifesto of Misery prompts huge reaction  AGAINST Theresa May
Vote Tories out!!!
Zizek talked about how the interesting thing emerging from China was that capitalism no longer needed democracy to function. Does anyone else think that the conservative manifesto could be foreshadowing what is to come? Regulated internet, voter Id laws etc?
Theresa May to create new internet that would be controlled and regulated by government
Chris Johns: Theresa May's manifesto is strong on economic illiteracy
Is socialism (labour) REALLY better than capitilsm (Tories)?
The 10 commandments of 'Tory Jesus' on Twitter
Tories confirm London Assembly also faces election rules shake-up [using First Past the Post for London Assembly elections along with Mayoral elections]
Tory manifesto a 'car crash' for the environment
Right of cross-examination being removed under conservative manifesto when accused with a sexual crime
Jamie Oliver frustrated over Conservatives school lunches plan
The Tories are trying to lose this election so they don't have Brexit as their tombstone.
May's social care pledge could be huge wealth tax
Conservative manifesto 2017: All you need to know about the Tories election pledges
Q&A: Prime Minister Theresa May answers all your LGBT questions
Analysing the Conservative Party Manifesto
Week in pictures: 13-19 May 2017 - BBC News
Conservative manifesto for General Election 2017: Key points, policies and summary
Polls show UK's Conservatives losing ground as policies set out
Boris Johnson wrongly claims 350m NHS promise is in manifesto
Theresa May is right to take school meals off primary school pupils  it's their fault we're in this financial situation anyway
The Conservatives have been the biggest borrowers over the last 70 years
Mays plan to end free school lunches to hit 900,000 struggling families
[Video] Jamie Oliver on Tory policy on free school lunches
Conservatives' rebrand as 'party of the workers' failing as they struggle to shake off 'nasty' tag, poll shows
Tories 'won't look again' at social care plans - BBC News
Theresa May says Jeremy Corbyn will be Prime Minister 'if I lose just six seats'
New YouGov poll has Conservative lead cut to single figures
Are the Tories secretly pushing for a whitelisted internet?
Liberal Democrats launch bizarre Farage/May campaign poster
Labour's leaked manifesto proves it's stuck in the 1970s, unlike those ultra-modern Tories who love fox hunting
IS Theresa May trying to lose the GE?
Why does everyone hate the tory social care plan?
Out gay footballer makes history as first to play at Wembley Stadium
Latest polls show Labour cutting gap on Conservatives
Labour manifesto would keep 7bn of planned Tory welfare cuts | Politics
What do your elderly relatives think of the Conservative manifesto?
'Rotter' Boris Johnson got caught sneaking a look at Robert Peston's notes before live TV interview
''If you care about the NHS, vote anyone but the Conservatives''
'Dementia tax': Tories buy Google ads to stop people reading about controversy over new policy
Theresa May waters down 'dementia tax' in extraordinary U-turn after poll lead slashed
Young people, if you live in one of these marginal constituencies it's time to oust your Tory MP
Theresa May isn't looking so strong and stable now  do we really want her leading us into the Brexit negotiations?
How did we forget that the government is now keeping a record of everyone's browsing history for 1 year?
Theresa May's election guru Lynton Crosby in tax haven scandal after pocketing six-figure sum
The Conservatives just pledged to take our democracy back decades
Conservatives buying ads to appear when you search "Dementia Tax"...
The Art of Negotiation - Look at this astonishing body language from Theresa May when confronting mild contradiction
The Tories promised to give expats the vote last year. It was a whopper
Conservative candidate Kirsty Adams linked to 'gay cure' church that 'casts out demons'
Theresa May mauled for care U-turn (22May17)
Anti-foxhunting protester arrested as May arrives in Wrexham
Tory rules could see nine out of 10 homes sold to pay for care costs, claim Liberal Democrats
Ruth Davidson branded Theresa May's puppet in Scottish election debate
Dementia Tax: Here are all the U-turns Theresa May has made since she became Prime Minister
Conservatives quietly bin pledge to ban ivory trade in 2017 manifesto
Trying to convince my mum not to vote Tory
What if the Tories win in June?
Boris Johnson falsely claims 350m for NHS after Brexit pledge is in the Conservative manifesto
Are you out campaigning to stop the Tories?
Forget Corbyn and Sinn Fein: Meet the Senior Tory Who Was in the IRA
If Labour wins, can Article 50 be reversed? Maybe.
U.K. Tories on Defensive Over Plans to Make Elderly Pay for Care
What the hell is it with every youtube advert being evil Conservative propaganda?
How the Conservatives stole the British Indian vote from Labour
General election 2017: Tories to U-turn over social care and impose cap, Osborne says
Sorry, but Theresa May is quite right not to offer subsidised social care to well-off pensioners
Tories to cap care costs in major U-turn
May to warn Brexit could have 'dire consequences' for ordinary people if UK doesn't get right deal.
David Squires on the Tory manifesto, leaders' debates and hot takes on poverty
"The Health Secretary conceded on Thursday that the Conservatives are abandoning a pledge they made two years ago to cap care costs."
Labour risks losing more minority ethnic voters to Tories, study finds
May to claim Corbyn is 'uncertain' on Brexit
Theresa May tells Wales 'no time to waste on Brexit'
Call them Conservatives
General election: Theresa May changes social care plans - BBC News
BBC FiveLive Manifesto Coverage - Labour and Conservative
House sellers' asking prices hit new record high in May despite general election and Brexit uncertainty
General election 2017: May says Tories would cap costs in major social care U-turn | Politics
I'm no tory but the dementia tax seems like a progressive move to me.
Theresa May announces U-turn on 'dementia tax'
The Conservative Manifesto: Care Fees as a Percentage of Initial Wealth
Conservatives pledge 'unprecedented' support for fossil fuels after receiving almost 400,000 from oil bosses
Large billboards calling Theresa May 'a threat' have been spotted in Cardiff
Who's watching May's interview with Andrew Neil?
Former active IRA member serving as Tory Party councillor
Theresa May car crash interview
Video - Theresa May struggles on Andrew Neil Interview 22nd May 17
How much lower will the Conservatives have to go in the polls before May will have to debate Corbyn?
May's wobbles bode badly for Brexit
Big energy firms lobby Theresa May to water down price cap pledge
May halts election campaigning after Manchester Arena explosion
Watch Boris Johnson and Derek Thomas confronted by angry heckler in St Ives over Brexit promises
Man arrested for blowing hunting horn at Theresa May event. - BBC News
Tories allow day off work to leave elderly relative out for vultures
Theresa May is coming to Manchester
If the vote was held only among the under-50s, Corbyn could beat May
When ever it comes time to talk to my Tory-loving relatives and friends about why they shouldn't vote Tory my mind goes blank.
Wrexham shop told before Theresa May's visit not to sell eggs and flour over protest fears
BBC iPlayer - The Andrew Neil Interviews Theresa May
Theresa May's dementia tax U-turn is a study in incompetence
What would be the political ramifications of last nights events on the Tories you reckon?
Reasons for voting for tories
After Mays dementia tax U-turn she cant accuse anyone of weakness
May,not one straight answer.not one.
Does anybody know if Theresa May has said 'strong and stable' since the U-Turn & if not do you think she might have to abandon it?
How long before the Conservatives announce a plan to legalise Euthanasia and Assisted Suicide, to help solve the "dementia tax" situation?
1997 vs 2017 Tory campaigns: Which one is worse?
General election 2017: May defends revised social care plans - BBC News
[SERIOUS] Convince me to vote Tory
Manchester Attack: Home Secretary Amber Rudd condemns US for leaks of shared British intelligence
People on the social media are destroying Theresa May and the Tories
Telegraph Pulled Article Critical of Theresa May After Campaign Pressure - Guido Fawkes
If May can't effectively manage her own manifesto launch, how can she expect to negotiate a good Brexit deal in under 2 years?
Conservatives u-turn on 60m breakfasts
Election 2017: Conservatives free school breakfast pledge costed at just 7p per meal
Tory cuts will put protection of public at risk, says police chief.
Conservatives back-track on 60m pledge for primary school breakfasts
Manchester attack could lead Theresa May's government to launch huge internet crackdown
Theresa May Weeble wobble toy becomes instant best seller
Home Secretary Amber Rudd has said she is irritated with the US for releasing information about the Manchester bomber before UK police would have liked.
Tories received twice as much cash as Labour in run-up to calling snap election
Q: Do the security services have all the powers they need? Rudd says she thinks they do. They have constantly reassured her that they have the money and the laws that they need.
Do you think the Tories might now re-think threatening to no longer share intelligence with the EU if they don't get the trade deal they want?
Tories to introduce hunting pensioners with dogs
Conservatives back-track on 60m pledge for primary school breakfasts
Why I'm spoiling my ballot on 8 June 2017 - A paid-up Conservative party member and anti-apathy campaigner is not impressed with the options on offer
Maybot policy reboot ends in an embarrassing interview meltdown
Mays media cronyism highlights biased election coverage
Theresa May endangered every one of us by cutting police numbers
From 2015 - Stop scaremongering and prepare for further cuts, Theresa May tells police
Theresa May on verge of another u-turn after budgeting just 7p per pupil for free breakfasts
The dementia tax mess shows how little May thinks of disabled people
Make June the end of May
Police cuts mean forces can't handle terror threat without Army help says Police Federation | 20,000 police jobs were cut while Theresa May was Home Secretary
Now Theresa May is using FEAR to win the election
Tory deputy mayor Owen Lister: Best thing for disabled children is the guillotine
The Police Officer Who Told Theresa May What Cuts Would Lead To
We only need soldiers on the streets because of Tory cuts, say Police Federation
Police Federation crying wolf over cuts, says Theresa May - BBC News
The Tories reportedly plan to force tech giants to remove encryption after the Manchester attack
Cost of Tories' free breakfasts 'could treble'.
UK Tories say they'll exploit Manchester attack to ban working crypto in the UK
Tories' 5m donations boost before May called snap general election | Politics
Brexit: Theresa May's letter of notification to leave the EU is 'unlawful', declares judicial review to Brussels
Theresa May V The Police: A Timeline
View of the crowd in front of the Ministry of Health building in Whitehall, 8th May 1945 (VE Day). The Prime Minister (Winston Churchill) addressed the crowd from the balcony, which, like the roof of the building, is decorated with flags. On the right is the Cenotaph.
Conservatives raise 1.6m in second week of election campaign
Labour slashes Tory lead to just five points in latest poll taken this week
Schools worse off under Conservatives, says IFS - BBC News
Those Theresa May Police Cuts - a vivid illustration of how Theresa May crippled the Police during her seven years as Home Secretary
There's a lot of people on this sub saying 'I hope Corbyn does win...it would be great to see May lose' etc. If that's what we hope, shouldn't we get active and do something?
The best thing you can do to defeat the Conservatives this election is talk to your older family members.
Conservatives cancel election campaign relaunch as poll lead over Labour evaporates
School spending to fall by 7 per cent if Conservatives win election, Institute for Fiscal Studies says
Tories and Labour not being honest with voters: IFS - BBC News
Tories exposed in outright - scaremongering - lie about Labour tax plans
Conservatives did not once use social media to encourage voter registration, study finds
Conservatives cancel election campaign relaunch as poll lead over Labour evaporates
Why are the Andrew Neil interviews being cancelled? I can understand postponing them in light of the attack, but it seems deeply unfair that they would allow May to have 30 minutes of coverage on BBC 1 but disallow Farron, Nuttall, and Sturgeon, and potentially Corbyn.
Tory Lead Down 19 Points During Campaign
Are we now paying the price for the chaos Cameron unleashed in Libya?
This is the worst Tory election campaign ever
Theresa May to Start Brexit Talks on Weak Economic Footing
Those Theresa May Police Cuts - some interesting charts from Craig Murray's blog
Where is Labour's swing coming from? 18th April to 25th May snapshot
Quarter of Welsh population now favour independence (YouGov). Increased Tory majority would further boost support.
Pound down further as opinion poll shows Labour chipping away Tory lead
If Labour really do finish just 5 behind the Tories, Corbyn's won't stand down on June 9th, will he?
If the vote was held only among the under-50s, Corbyn could beat May
do you think labour would more popular if it had a leader like David Cameron (but with Corbyn policies/views) ? What about May ?
Sterling falls after Labour poll surge puts Jeremy Corbyn right behind Theresa May's Conservatives
Theresa May Remix | Strong and Stable
So You're Thinking of Voting Conservative? Vote NHS
Why do people here hate the conservative party?
Received postal vote today in Bromley: Who should I vote for to keep the blasted tories out?
Tories removed from council in Basildon.
Boris Johnson hits out at 'monstrous' Jeremy Corbyn speech on terror
YouGov | Are the Tories losing ground or regaining it?
The Great NHS Heist- Dr Bob Gill - May 2017
The Animated History of Ireland
Shameless Theresa May twists Jeremy Corbyn words in extraordinary attack over Manchester bomber
Boris Johnson just called Jeremy Corbyn 'monstrous' for saying something he's said himself
Tory Michael Fallon slates 'Jeremy Corbyn quote' live on air - then realises they were Boris Johnson's words
This took place in 2015. May's response called it "scaremongering" and "crying wolf"
Theresa May faces disaster after new poll finds Corbyn slashing her majority to just 2 seats
Is anyone else annoyed beyond reproach BBC News constant smear of Labour? And it's overt bias towards the Conservatives?
The last 19 Tweets in a row from the Conservative Party Twitter account are about Corbyn rather than themselves.
Is the landslide slipping away? A poll to send a chill down Theresa Mays spine
We need an anti-Conservative force: Nick Clegg wants to work with Labour after the election
Only one in 10 voters supports Tory manifesto pledge on fox hunting
The Libya fallout shows how Theresa May has failed on terror
Only 0.3% of people in the UK have seen this website which rips into the Conservative party
Corbyn promises to make UK safer. Tories whine 'he's using the terror attack for electioneering'
Election 2017: Conservatives set for overall majority of just two seats, says latest poll
Court of Appeal finds Theresa May acted unlawfully in denying refugees access to UK | From the solicitors' website.
Jeremy Corbyn - The Andrew Neil Interviews GE2017 (26May17)
Lord Ashcroft: My election model probabilities currently suggest a potential Conservative majority of 142 - Data from "Height of 'Dementia Tax' Controversy"
May puts Manchester bombing at heart of election with attack on Corbyn
Young voters have registered to vote in force  Theresa May made a dire mistake underestimating them
The Tories are becoming the 'nasty party' in the eyes of the electorate once again
Theresa Mays ratings sink as Jeremy Corbyns get a bounce, poll finds
Is Theresa May unwell.
Amber Rudd to represent Tories in BBC general election debate
George Osborne in blistering attack on Theresa May's manifesto pledges - 'It's clearly badly thought through'
Osborne: Tory plans badly thought through
Why would a doctor or nurse vote for the Conservatives?
Revealed: Tory dark ads targeted voters Facebook feeds in Welsh marginal seat | Politics
David Cameron filmed 'jumping the queue' to buy socks in JD Sports
Far from strong and stable, Mays economic plan is weak and unstable
"Personally, I think TV debates suck the lifeblood out of a campaign" - Amber Rudd (2nd May)
Is Theresa May intentionally throwing the 2017 election?
Revealed: Conservatives revise down their internal election projections
This is the worst Tory election campaign ever - The Spectator
The Police Officer Who Told Theresa May What Cuts Would Lead to happened on Monday.
Tell us your voting history!
Amber Rudd to stand in for May in BBC general election debate | Politics
Scotland is going to return Tory MPs this election
I'm not a fan of May. Not a fan of Corbyn either but the anti-tori bias in this sub is just crazy.
UK PM May's lead narrows after Manchester attack placing landslide win in doubt
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn face-off over security
Ethical Tactical Voting  Swop your vote with a vote buddy to keep the Torys out. If you are in a marginal Tory Constituency, vote Labour and find a Labour buddy in a safe Labour seat to vote for your preference.
Theresa Mays a liar song overtakes Miley Cyrus in the U.K top 10 music chart, all profits go to foodbanks
UK Threat Level reduced from critical after failing to provide sufficient poll boost for Theresa May
'Liar Liar' song about May hits No.10 in charts but BigTop40 refused to play it
Tory fighting to win Jo Cox seat jokes noone has been SHOT
Theresa May accused of being Donald rumps mole in Europe after UK tries to water down EU climate change policy
Tory manifesto means five more years of austerity and 'big cuts' to public services, warns IFS
Top Tory sparks fury by saying most food bank users aren't 'languishing in poverty'
Outrage as Tory candidate in murdered Jo Cox's constituency says "we have not yet shot anybody so that's wonderful"
The 10 most astonishing U-turns by 'strong and stable' Theresa May in 10 months as Prime Minister
Theresa May to relaunch Conservative election campaign amid fears Labour could take lead in opinion polls
Conservative MP dismisses disabled woman who tells him 'tens of thousands of people are dying'
Tory Dominic Raab jeered over food bank comments | Politics
Theresa May makes an impression (on Jan Ravens)
Who else has seen the new Tory 'attack ad' on youtube - how was it for you?
Sturgeon supports deal with Labour to oust May (From HeraldScotland)
British Airways' previous meltdown compromised national security, yet borders remained open under Theresa May's watch.
Amber Rudd to Angela Merkel: You can depend on the UK
General election: Conservatives outline domestic violence plans
Financial Times: Polls more divided on Conservative lead
Oxford University brings in compulsory exam on Black, Asian and ethnic minority history to improve 'white curriculum'
Theresa May heckled and laughed at by debate audience over collapse of her manifesto
May Vs Corbyn Debate Discussion Thread
Post Match Thread: Jeremy Corbyn vs Theresa May
The BBC is only covering one of Corbyn's stumbles from the questionings last night. May was certainly not without fault. What gives BBC?
Boris Johnson has a mid-campaign meltdown
Theresa May's authority slips as she bores Britain with empty answers
You can't trust Theresa May to negotiate on behalf of the UK when she can't even keep composed in a debate, EU leaders would walk all over her.
Theresa May denies demeaning the office of Prime Minister after asking voters to imagine Jeremy Corbyn 'naked and alone'
If May conducts Brexit like she has this election we're all in serious trouble
Theresa May accused of making UK a laughing stock in Europe | Politics
Charities say 'gag law' stops them speaking out on Tory social care plans | Politics
Can the conservatives please fuck off from youtube!
#Theresamaygifs: Prime Minister mocked on social media for debate performance
My Constituency is one of the most pro-Tory in the UK. It really feels like I won't make a dent and my vote won't count for anything. Starting to resent First Past the Post.
Theresa May's plan for for a Stronger Britain [- I think this may be the most unnerving example of the "uncanny valley" I have ever seen.]
UK charities 'gagged' from speaking out against Theresa May
Tory voter switches to Labour due to Jeremy Corbyn's approach to defence
'We've not shot anybody yet!': Outrage as Tory fighting to win the seat once held by murdered MP Jo Cox starts a hustings with a poor taste joke
Tory candidate in Jo Cox's seat joked 'nobody's been shot yet' at hustings
Can anyone here provide a solid argument for a conservative vote?
General election: Conservatives outline domestic violence plans. Denial of the existence of male victims continues as usual.
Is Theresa May six seats from losing the election?
Tories accused of 'sleight of hand' on manifesto grammar schools data - BBC News
Does anyone have any idea why the Tories have started talking about fox hunting again?
Conservative ad spamming on YouTube
Ben Jennings on Theresa May and the Tory party cartoon | Opinion
Tom Watson hits out at Conservatives over attacks on Corbyn | Politics
Full Corbyn 'Tory plot' Falklands Quote
Pound's fall 'the worst devaluation in history' - Sunday Times Business & Money
Labour support just 13 per cent among UK Jews. Tories at 77 per cent in JC poll
I made this site to dissuade people from voting for the Conservatives. Feedback appreciated :-)
May Battles Against Complacency as U.K. Election Lead Slips Away
"Jeremy Corbyn is right ... But we need to frame the foreign policy question more broadly and ask whether this is all about the legacy of our colonialism." -Robert Gildea, Professor of modern history, University of Oxford
Theresa May is party leader most like Jesus, Premier poll finds
One person gives Theresa May a standing ovation at last night's Channel 4 interview
Craig Murray (Former ambassador) on Brexit negotiations and May.
Someone should make a Conservatives "We Buy Any Seat" version of this
#BattleForNumber10: May v Corbyn
"Neither Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies nor Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns are taking part in Tuesday's BBC Wales leaders' debate."-BBC News
*Article* Separating church and state: Theresa May, the religious lawmaker
Theresa May voted 'most like Jesus' in new survey
3 charts explain what Tory, Labour, and Lib Dem manifesto pledges mean for the UK economy
The GE is next Thursday: Who's more worried, Labour or the Conservatives?
Conservative Welfare Reforms Like Nazi Welfare Reforms
How Labour (Or The Tories) Can Secure The Election
Theresa May attacks Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit, full transcript
UK General Election polls: Theresa May could lose General Election and UK may face hung parliament, poll suggests
Theresa May is asked why she won't be attending tonight's TV debate.
Theresa May pays visit to an anti-gay church and hails it as fantastic
May happy to take on Europe, but still afraid of chat with Corbyn
Warm, funny Jeremy Corbyn praised for The One Show appearance after Theresa Mays robotic interview
Theresa May losing the general election would be good for the pound, says JP Morgan
Conservative seat losses predicted at general election
Theresa May says she backs Naylor Report which recommends expedited sell-off of NHS assets
Jeremy Corbyn urges Theresa May to debate with him in public | Politics
Now that Corbyn is joining the Election 2017 debate, theres only one reason Theresa May wont take part  cowardice
Over 51% of Labour MPs were state educated compared to just 28% of Conservative MPs
Theresa May protest song hits No 1 on iTunes; Captain Ska's song, which calls the PM a "liar", has been banned by radio stations despite reaching No 1 on iTunes.
'Three minutes of nothing': Plymouth reporter reflects on PM encounter
Tory candidate's blogposts on rape 'absolutely shocking' | UK news
Admit it, Theresa May: no deal is not an option in the Brexit talks
Conservatives refuse BSL translation of Manifesto
New Theory: May is purposely sabotaging the campaign so the conservatives don't have to deal with Brexit and can spend the next 5 years blaming labour for everything that will happen.
British PM May could lose majority in June 8 election: YouGov projection
A Greenpeace Energydesk investigation has revealed that, on the very day Theresa May triggered Article 50, her government was simultaneously telling EU officials to slash climate change targets.
GE2017: the ONLY coverage of May's illegal Snooper's Charter by the Media - LBC
Sterling slides on YouGov poll showing May could lose majority
Scruffy Jeremy Corbyn winds up Tories in 1984 - BBC Newsnight
German papers damning about May's performance in TV 'debate' (Guardian)
Jeremy Corbyn FULL INTERVIEW on OneShow (30May17)
May could lose majority in UK parliament -YouGov study in The Times
YouGov model shows Conservatives 3 points ahead of Labour
YouGov and the other pollsters are getting it wrong again. Here's why Theresa May is still set for a landslide
BBC debate: Theresa May defends no-show after Corbyn U-turn - BBC News [HYS]
If anyone needs a hand in understanding why people (especially younger) vote Tory, listen to the arguments in this BBC clip. There are a few opinions that I found personally shocking, the perception gap is incredible.
Theresa May: I'm being open on social care cap [despite refusing to say what it would be four times in a row]
'NSFW' Steve Bell on Theresa May and Brexit negotiations cartoon
Osborne's Evening Standard savages Theresa May's election campaign
Welsh Labour has launched these hard-hitting adverts attacking the Tories
The rise of Tory attack ads on Facebook - BBC News
Tories to fall short of outright majority and face hung parliament, new poll analysis predicts
Does anyone understand how it is possible for our Prime Minister to be able say nothing in lots of words?
May is the strongest to negotiate with the EU, but she couldn't see this move coming?
The Battle For Number 10: May and Corbyn language analysis
Latest polls, no danger of herding this election: Tory lead anywhere from 3-15% depending on pollster
Internal Tory bickering led to the party's top figures snubbing a major election debate in Wales
Theresa May relaunches a very rebranded Conservative campaign
MI6, Theresa May and the Manchester attack
How to vote in Bremain-Conservative/Labour marginal?
Interesting video on the history of the British Blue Willow pattern.
Are the Tories really the party of the working class? | General Election 2017
Polling average update: Tories lead Labour by 10pts. Was 20pts on 27 Apr. | Britain Elects on Twitter
If the Tories want to attack Jeremy Corbyn on the IRA, evoking Martin McGuinness won't work
General election: May and Corbyn to miss BBC debate as campaign gets personal  politics live | Politics
Tories should do a version of Pearl Jam - Jeremy to rival the Anti-May one in the charts.
Theresa May is making the same mistakes as Hillary Clinton
Chairman of the Board - Working on a Building of Love. This is Jeremy Corbyn's victory music from when he was first elected Labour Leader in 2015.
Theresa May should be sanctioned for refusing to show up for job interview
Tim Farron mocks Theresa May for failing to attend TV debate: 'Watch the Bake Off instead'
May is over
9 out of 12 of May's 'Brexit' goals are best achieved by staying in the EU
Theresa May is such a joke even House of Cards is taking the piss
Labour cuts Tory lead to just three points in new poll, with one week to go
Theresa May defends Tory candidate who made 'shocking' comments about rape
General election poll: Jeremy Corbyn surges ahead of Theresa May in London | The YouGov survey shows Labour surging to a 17 point lead in the UK's capital
Election debate: Caroline Lucas tells Amber Rudd she does not know how she sleeps due to Saudi Arabia arms sales
I've voted Conservative all my life, but not this time | Letters | Politics
Theresa May needs Brexit to get her elected  its all she has left
Someone was playing Theresa May liar song at the place the BBC were filming at Cambridge
Theresa May backs plan to sell off 'underused' NHS assets to property developers
If youre so strong, why have you sent Amber Rudd to the debate in your place?
As U.K. Polls Tighten, Jeremy Corbyn Mocks Theresa May for Refusing to Attend Debate
Please somebody help me to understand why Theresa May is so popular. I just can't understand it. I am clearly missing something, I can not see why people would vote for this. In this video she is like a malfunctioning robot.
Tim Farron asks where is Theresa May?
Amber Rudd Really Is that Horrible - Craig Murray
Todays post debate headlines are the most obvious example of Tory biased press yet
BBC News homepage is a Tory advert
The issue tonight was not May's absense, or Rudd's inclusion. It was The Prime Minister showing contempt for the Home Secretary
Tory Amber Rudd replaces Theresa May at BBC Election Debate just two days after her dad's death
Amber Rudd's father [who died on Monday] was involved in business she ran despite being declared unfit
May's travel destination for today (1st of June)
Everybody I've spoken to today are voting Conservatives because Labour will "bankrupt the country". Is there any truth to this?
Conservatives' donors give 10 times as much as Labour's in one week | Politics
Naylor report: Are the Tories really planning to 'flog off the NHS'?
Conservatives want to lose the election
Where's Theresa May? (Headphones advised)
When Amber Rudd (or any MP for the Tories) actually believe they help the 'most in need'?
Theresa May to abandon strategy of attacking Jeremy Corbyn
Theory: Amber Rudd agreed to do the debate because she's the next leader of the conservative party.
Theresa May defends her absence from tonight's BBC election debate with other party leaders.
10 reasons to vote Tory - with Theresa May
[NHS] Theresa May fully supports the Naylor Report - YouTube, But what is the Naylor report?
Theresa May Malfunctions
Election debate: Amber Rudd stood in for Theresa May despite father dying two days before
Terror in Britain: What Did the Prime Minister Know?
Jan Ravens totally smashes a Theresa May impression
Honest question - do we really think the BBC is pro-Tory or are they amongst the most neutral out there?
We ran the Tory 2017 manifesto through a video game ... and the results were terrifying
What Corbyns debate victory tells us about bias in the British media
FT reluctantly backs the Conservatives
Embers of Populism Shrivel May's Lead as U.K. Vote Nears
Today's Theresa May's Brexit speech
Theresa May is live and bullshitting about brexit as usual.
'I'd make my mum PM': Tim Farron in mock TV debate with children
Boris Johnson on Brexit, Corbyn and 350m a week - BBC News
PM May's lead falls to 3 percentage points, YouGov poll shows a week before UK election
House prices fell again in May, Nationwide says
Readers on why they've decided to vote Conservative for the first time | Opinion
Boris Johnson: Sadiq Khan running 'spineless' and 'hopeless' London administration
Imagine the outrage on this sub if the debate audience constantly cheered Rudd and constantly booed Corbyn
Someone should give this to Theresa May so she can learn how to answer a f--king question [shitpost]
Looking for a May/Corbyn Always Sunny Meme I Saw Last Night
Blowhard or Tough Negotiator? What May Already Won From the EU
Theresa May sees the election as a distraction  I bet she wishes she could get her hands on whichever idiot called it
Theresa May is now refusing to do any interviews with BBC Radio
Conservative candidate Craig Mackinlay charged over election expenses
As Home Secretary, Theresa May spearheaded the most extreme and authoritarian surveillance legislation in the western world
UK General Election polls: Jeremy Corbyn in shock surge as Labour leader now more popular than Theresa May in London
Tories accused of 'absolutely disgusting' treatment of disabled people
Tory MP walks out of hustings after sparking furious row about foodbank users smoking and owning '58 inch TVs'
Labour accuses Tories of fake news over video of Corbyn IRA comments | Politics
Theresa May asked about answering questions with platitudes, answers with platitudes
11:19 - Labour and Lib Dems angry that May did not sign G7 letter
Owen Jones: Theresa May has withdrawn from interviews for BBC's Local Radio network.
If Theresa May can't take on Woman's Hour what hope does she have for Brexit
Why aren't the Tories discussing the economy or job creation in this election campaign?
Theresa May plans to force the NHS to sell off property worth billions based on controversial Naylor Report
Election 2017: Tory disability minister endorses forced institutionalisation
An interview with Theresa May - 3 Minutes of Nothing
Cor!: Labours surge is giving the Tories a fright | The Economist
Killed by the state: how Tory policies have cost countless lives
Theresa May defends 'rape comment' candidate Cuthbertson
General election: Conservative candidate Craig Mackinlay to stand in South Thanet despite expenses charge
What is the Naylor Report? Everything you need to know about Theresa May's NHS property sell-off
Yo can somebody help me convince my Mum to not vote Tory
Conservative support is not waning.
Katie Hopkins: May must start acting like a normal human
Conservative candidate Craig Mackinlay charged over election expenses
Be afraid, Tories: parents will fight your school cuts
The Guardian May to Repeal Fixed Term Parliament Act | Editorial | Opinion
What's the chances that if the Conservative's only scrape a narrow victory that there will be a bid to out Teresa and put a new leader in?
Confident Scousers plan Jeremy Corbyn 'victory RAVE' the day after General Election
15/19 Theresa May tweets since 22nd May about Brexit.
Need help tracking down an unlisted Theresa May video.
May 'aiming for migration target by 2022' - BBC News
Gummer lined up for Brexit secretary in victory reshuffle
May isn't actually doing that bad
Theresa May Manifesto Comes Under Fire
Education lobby group claims Tories and Lib Dems would cut Bath teacher numbers
Labour and the Tories start to spell out their differences on Brexit
Like father like son. My story of experiencing addiction in the UK.
Theresa May to nurse who says she hasn't had a pay rise in eight years: 'There's no magic money tree'
[LIVE] BBC Question Time - Theresa May vs Jeremy Corbyn [LIVE]
Tories to exempt highest earners from any income tax hikes
Boris tries to throw Labour MP to floor on live TV
Theresa May's Tory Magic Money Tree
Post Match Thread: Question Time, May and Corbyn 2/6/17
I used to be a 55 year old God-fearing lifelong Conservative but Corbyn has convinced me to become a 22 year old Guardian-reading Labour supporter
Liar Liar Ge2017 Theresa May protest song 'greyed out' by BBC, sparking angry reaction from Captain Ska
Theresa May accused of lying about Labour policy on BBC's Question Time
Why the Conservatives may not be the party of sound finances after all
Mental health sufferer near tears as she tells Theresa May of 'absolute shambles' of NHS provision
General election poll: Theresa May's approval ratings plummet as majority of people dissatisfied with her leadership
May seen 13 seats short of majority - YouGov
Theresa May stumbling over her words to avoid saying we are a rich nation.
Corbyn challenges May over 'dementia tax'
General Election 2017: Theresa May refuses to rule out increasing income tax if Conservatives regain power
Okay, I need to say it - I'm not voting Conservative for several reasons, economics - Ideology but the biggest reason is this.
I've seen people ask if Corbyn will resign if Labour don't win the election, is there a chance May would resign if the Tories lose seats?
Conservatives pledge no tax hike for top earners as vote nears
Labour ahead of Conservatives in unadjusted poll of voters
Theresa May protest track, Liar Liar GE2017, number four on Official Singles Chart
Who else thinks the Conservatives will still win majority?
Quite apt video from Yes, Prime Minister regarding the nuclear deterrent in light of the murderous audience in York
Tories attacked for 'fake news' video edited to show Corbyn refusing to condemn IRA  when he did
Tories U-turn on plan to build more socially rented council housing
Is some of the perception of Tory competence by Working and Middle class related to them being perceived as our Upper Class betters?
A Thanet Conservative councillor has defended calling Jeremy Corbyn a 'racist' on Facebook
BBC telling invited guests (Writer of the hit Liar Liar song), off camera, "not to go too heavy on the Tories".
How can the Conservative FB page posts have several hundred comments within seconds of being posted?
90 seconds to understand why conservative economics don't work.
This Election Is Blowing Up in the Tories' Faces - VICE
Breaking! Theresa May and the "Naylor report! What you need to know!
At this point, does anyone here actually think there could be an election result that is not a Conservative majority? (Serious question)
Theresa May on bad deals
Question about the Conservative Party and its voters from someone outside Britain
What exactly happened to Children's BBC and CITV - I remember coming home from school and watching cartoons/shows from 3:30PM to 6:00PM, just before Neighbours and Home & Away
Boris Johnson vs Ian Lavery: 'You pointed in my face' BBC News
Paul Mason claims Theresa Mays attacks on Diane Abbott are RACIST
Fun fact: Jeremy Corbyn just had a drink from the same glass Theresa May used
Question Time: Theresa May quizzed over 'broken promises'
Boris Johnson reassured he will keep Foreign Secretary job after the election, sources say
Many steelworkers prefer Theresa May to Jeremy Corbyn at the Tata Steel Social Club in Port Talbot
Will Corbyn and Theresa have a head to head debate?
YPM The Grand Design-would you push the button?
Why the Tories are back in Scotland: a fishy business | Anywhere but Westminster
Boris Johnson and Labour's Ian Lavery have heated debate - BBC News
Yes Prime Minister - Spot on analysis of the Nuclear deterrent.
Tories Current Campaign & Future Of UK Political System
Amber Rudd shuts down my speech about arms sales to Saudi Arabia
"Britain is too tolerant of extremism", says the Prime Minister who sells weapons to Saudi Arabia...
Theresa May says the internet must now be regulated following London Bridge terror attack
Banksy is offering free art to people who vote against the Tories in Bristol.
"Enough is enough" says the Prime Minister, while at the same time as cutting every service that can help prevent or deal with the aftermath of these events.
Amber Rudd wants to "stop people exploiting end-to-end encryption."
Theresa May to reform UK internet so that it would be controlled and regulated by government.
"far too much tolerance of extremism in our country" - Theresa May
Labour just one point behind the Tories in dramatic new poll after May and Corbyn's Question Time grilling
Saudi Arabia Lavishes Conservative U.K. Officials With Gifts, Travel, And Plum Consultancies
The Police Officer Who Told Theresa May What Cuts Would Lead To
Does anyone else think Theresa May politicised the terrorist attack in her speech?
Conservatives to fall 18 seats short of majority, latest YouGov poll model suggests
British PM May's election gamble in doubt as poll lead falls to one point
Far-right leader linked to Marine Le Pen spotted campaigning for Conservatives
Tories back Naylor report which forces sale of assets on massive scale.
It scares me when people are still saying that they are going to be voting Tory. Literally what world are they in right now? I cannot see one good actual reason to vote for them. I'd appreciate if somebody could give me some valid actual reasons, just nothing wishey washey please. I want hard fact.
UK Conservative Party halt election campaign after London attack
General Election: Conservative lead over Labour cut to just one point, new poll finds
May's lead cut to just 1 point over Labour - Survation poll
Theresa May says "enough is enough". When was enough not enough? 2 weeks ago?
Theresa May has attacked 'cyberspace' and says she wants to deprive extremists of 'online safe spaces' after the London terror attack
How UK prime minister Theresa May fumbled her own election
Theresa Mays ratings go negative for first time, ComRes poll shows
Have the Conservatives bought anyone elses local paper this week?
Theresa May: London terror attack shows Britain too tolerant of extremism
General Election: Conservative lead over Labour cut to just one point, new poll finds
The main reason some Tory voters I know are voting Tory is because of "Brexit negotiations" how in their minds does this outweigh all arguments against the Tory party?
Banksy offers Bristol electorate free print if they vote against Tories
May pitches for British Hindu and [other] Indian vote.
What do you think would be on the manifesto of the Conservatives by the 2020s?
How Theresa May went from supreme confidence to doubt and panic
British PM May says London Bridge attack presumed terrorism, Mayor Khan says polls need to go ahead
What Would The Conservative Proposals For The Internet Mean?
London attack: General election will go ahead on 8 June, says May
For Britains Labour Party, a Mild Defeat May Be Worst of All
Explosive: Rudd tries to censor election opponent to hide Saudi terror allegations #GE17 (major media still not carrying the story)
Jeremy Corbyn calls for Theresa May to resign as Prime Minister for presiding over police cuts while Home Secretary
David Cameron's former director of strategy has called for Theresa May to resign over her record on security
Jeremy Corbyn is right: the Tories have cut 20,000 police officers since 2010 - CH 4 FactCheck
Tory Amber Rudd accused of 'shutting down' rival questioning government arms deals with Saudi Arabia
Theresa May does not rule out more police cuts
Amber Rudd facing calls to clarify involvement in tax havens
Labour criticises Theresa May for announcing anti-terror policies during election truce after London Bridge attack
Thinner blue line: Smallest police force in 40 years if Tories win election and 'cut 16,000 more police jobs'
Theresa May warned by Manchester police officer that cuts put the city at risk - in 2015
Unreleased report has power to destroy Theresa May's conservative government, says academic
UK Conservatives set to win 305 seats in UK election, 21 seats short of majority in parliament - YouGov election model
Tory says she is "pleased we have food banks" - then threatens to call police on hustings audience
Theresa May wants to ban crypto: here's what that would cost, and here's why it won't work anyway
Jeremy Corbyn has said Theresa May should resign because of her record on police funding, ITVs Rachel Younger reports.
London attack: Tech firms criticise PM's condemnation
Steve Hilton: David Cameron's former strategy chief tells Theresa May to quit over terrorism 'failures' | London Evening Standard
Corbyn calls for May to quit over police cuts
Conservatives attacked for sending leaflets featuring quotes from The S*n to Merseyside homes
Theresa May must resign over 'security failures' that led to recent terror attacks, says David Cameron's former policy guru
Mhairi Black: Tories will leave young voters behind
May's call for more control of internet misleading and misguided
Corbyn pays tribute to London attack victims and attacks May over police cuts
Cornwall Tory MP tells hustings: "I'm really pleased we have foodbanks"
Five year old Gives Theresa May a telling off about the Homeless
Lincoln conservative MP won't attend local debate...
Theresa May can't be trusted to get it right on counter-terrorism policy | Tim Farron
General election poll: Tories will miss Commons majority by 21 seats, finds latest YouGov survey
Former Met Chief Inspector: "the streets of London have been lost to knife crime". Theresa May being "criminally negligent with the safety of the public"
Is anyone thinking about moving out of the country if the Tories do get to censor the Internet
The Guardian view on Theresa May's plans on terror: they are wrong
Theresa May wants to ban crypto: here's what that would cost, and here's why it won't work anyway
Theresa May has serious questions to answer, starting with police cuts
May reported to police for Abbott comment electoral breach #GE17 #BBCQT
Simple numbers tell story of police cuts under Theresa May | Alan Travis | UK news
Cornwall Tory MP tells hustings: "I'm really pleased we have foodbanks"
Theresa May is insistent on controlling the Internet to combat terrorism. How does she plan to combat terrorists using encryption to communicate? It's impossible for anyone to read encrypted communications. Why does it feel like shes using the recent terrorist attacks to push her agenda?
Theresa May's talk of British values puts all Muslims under suspicion
An enormous structure of Theresa May making a rude gesture was erected on the White Cliffs of Dover
Mark Steel: Whichever idiot called the election is distracting May from thinking about Brexit
This is what Theresa May refused to tell you in her schoolyard sermon on terror
Has May Broken Purdah rules in her speech?
John Pilger: Terror In Britain: What Did The Prime Minister Know?
Theresa May will incite hate crimes saying there is too much tolerance of extremism.
Huge structure of Theresa May making rude gesture to Europe appears on White Cliffs of Dover
Which Harry Potter character is Theresa May
Conservative candidate not showing up for hustings
Corbyns approval ratings sail past Meltdown Mays.
Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May clash over security
Theresa Mays enough is enough risks making the extremist threat worse | Richard Barrett | Opinion
So what will happen to May and Corbyn after the election?
Theresa May says the internet must now be regulated following London Bridge terror attack
Rudd admits anti-terror exclusion powers used only once since 2015
The latest YouGov poll asked people what animal they thought Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn were most like (page 14)
Theresa May is right on extremism. We cannot be held back by a fear of causing offence | Matthew d'Ancona | Opinion
London Terror Attacks Might Benefit British PM in Upcoming Vote: Analyst
Cassetteboy vs Theresa May
In 2016 Corbyn was mocked for reading aloud a taxpayer's question to Theresa May on police cuts and preventing terror attacks.
Professor Stephen Hawking backs Labour in general election because Tories would be a 'disaster for NHS and police'
Did anyone just hear Boris Johnson on LBC say "that people are fed up with this freedom of speech stuff" when discussing human rights?
If the Tories win a healthy majority they will be passing a thousand Brexit related laws using Statutory Instruments. Statutory Instrument means no Parliamentary debate,oversight or vote. They cannot be trusted with that.
Jeremy Corbyn fills the banks of the Tyne  Theresa May cant even pack a small room
Sadiq Khan warns London could lose almost 13,000 police officers under Tory spending plans
Theresa May is a "threat to national security"
Tory candidate is shareholder in tax avoidance firm
Theresa May unhappy about 'Liar Liar' song
Spare me the racist, misogynist rants about Diane Abbott  we all know Boris Johnson is far more incompetent
Tory candidate mocked 'hysterical' Labour's NHS fears - in seat that's having its local hospital downgraded
Theresa May admits 'running through fields of wheat' is the naughtiest thing she ever did
Why is Theresa May considered stronger on security than Corbyn when it seems (to me anyway) that the truth is the opposite, and what can be done to counter this widespread falsehood in time for us to avoid the tragedy of May being elected PM?
Amber Rudd accused of 'shutting down' rival's speech on arms sales to Saudi Arabia
Maybot malfunctions under pressure over disappearing police
General election poll: Labour one point behind Tory party in latest survey with two days to go
16 anti-Tory election posters for you to share
Boris Johnson on Radio 4
If you're intending to vote Conservatives...
Tech World Angry With Theresa May's Internet Regulation Plans
General election 2017 live: Theresa May faces calls to resign as backlash grows over police cuts
Tory MP Andrew Mitchell doesn't know how much the national minimum wage is
Jeremy Corbyn confident of winning despite PM's 'utterly ridiculous' claims
UK ISPs Respond to Prime Minister's Call for Clampdown on Internet "Extremism"
Here are 10 good reasons to dread five more years of May
Theresa May Blames The Internet For London Bridge Attack; Repeats Demands To Censor It
Is Qatar being used as a scapegoat, albeit, a guilty one, at a time when U.K. Prime Minister Theresa Mays ties to Saudi Arabia (the primary major sponsor of Islamic terrorism) have become an election issue?
Conservatives see poll lead narrow to 1 point - Survation | Reuters
UPDATED: Overturned Tory ad van labelled as sign of partys weak and wobbly campaign (From Warrington Guardian)
General Election 2017: Conservative poll lead over Labour narrows to just one point
*Positive* reasons to vote Tory?
Conservative MP Greg Knight's Political Broadcast
Just got a leaflet through the door from the Conservatives with Theresa May's face on it. Anyone hazard a guess which two adjectives she used to describe herself?
'I don't like Liar Liar' - Five things Theresa May told Newsbeat
I've just seen this infographic about Labour (2010) and Tory (2017) economic statistics. Could someone please show me what biases are work in it please?
Why should I vote conservative?
What if Theresa is sabotaging herself on purpose?
Could Paris Syndrome explain Theresa May's campaign meltdowns?
Posters of Tory candidates around Kent are being vandalised and defaced
Here are 10 good reasons to dread five more years of May
What do Conservatives think about Jeremy Corbyn?
Election 2017: Theresa May to try and move campaign past police cuts and focus on Brexit
Did Theresa May get her spying ideas from The Simpsons?
Theresa May "giant" on White Cliffs of Dover sends message to Europe
When Theresa May went the wrong way (an original song)
What is the naughtiest thing Theresa May has ever done?
Which joker created the Theresa May coin then?
I'd vote DUP here in Northern Ireland if I could get a Tory voter to vote Labour for me.
Reminder of Theresa May's speech after calling the snap election
Greg Knight is at it again - the Tory MP for East Yorkshire has his own theme tune. Someone set the theme tune to pictures taken from his official campaign website.
Why are you intending to vote Conservatives and not Labour this week?
David Squires on... May's terrorism response and Corbyn's youthful bounce | Politics
May: I'll rip up human rights laws that impede new terror legislation
Theresa May: First serving Prime Minister in 30 years to refuse Channel 4's Jon Snow an interview and first premier in 40 years not to appear on BBC Radio 2
Britain: For the Love of God, Please Stop Theresa May
The NHS is not safe with the Tories says Former Tory PM
Theresa May booed and heckled by butchers shouting 'vote Labour' on start of last day of election campaigning
Vote tactically to prevent Tory landslide, urges Tim Farron
Tory 'strong and stable' advertising van overturns in the wind
The widespread media report that Conservatives are on track to lose their majority is likely an attempt to reduce Tory voter complacency. You must not get complacent. You must go out to vote on Thursday.
ISIS supporters planning to wreak havoc on UK by voting Tory
Cutting human rights only way to catch terrorists who go on Channel 4 to talk about their extremism, says PM
Poll: Third of Scots more likely to back independence if May PM
Theresa May says she will strike 'international agreements to regulate cyberspace' and monitor all communications
If Conservatives win the election, the terrorists will defeat Britain
Theresa May will fail to deliver EU trade deal in 2019 and UK heading for cliff-edge Brexit, OECD predicts
To anyone thinking they live in a "safe tory seat"
Why was Theresa May hiding from the voters in a dark warehouse on the edge of Edinburgh?
The 'shy Tories' phenomenon is growing and it means Theresa May could still win a landslide
Vote against the Tories tomorrow; with the nation in mind. In quotes.
'Robotic' May vs 'principled' Corbyn: the UK's top 1% give their election verdicts
Lack of Conservative policy to tackle climate change may potentially lead to more extreme weather conditions worldwide, including in the UK. Please consider this when voting
Anyone else voting Tory?
Remember: tomorrow, tactical voting is the best way to stop the tories winning our broken electoral system
Theresa May: I'll tear up human rights laws so we can deport terrorists
Watching PM on Sky News, why does she look like she's hiding in a warehouse?
A list of Theresa May's proposals for regulating the Internet
Theresa May: 12 key questions the Tory leader failed to answer during the election campaign
Guerrilla ad appears on Tube suggesting that voting Conservative will delete the NHS | London Evening Standard
Someone has just put up Theresa May on P-hub.
Conservative 'Dark Ads' and Google's complicity
Even Linux desktop distros are having a go at Theresa May
Theresa May: I'll rip up human rights laws to fight terror
Question. As a Junior doctor and NHS worker why should I vote Tory?
This Report Exposes the Last 7 Years of Conservative Rule
The surplus land list for NHS by the Tories - includes costs, worth, and state of applications.
What would happen if the Torys won the most seats but labour won more of the popular vote?
Don't vote Conservative on June 08. Here's why...
Boris Johnson  The most indiscreet man in public life in charge of MI6 and GCHQ
NHS chiefs are told to secretly draw up more cuts - with wards, A&Es and funding of IVF at risk of being scrapped if Tories win the election
Theresa May has said she will change human rights laws if they "get in the way" of tackling suspected terrorists
Great-great-great-grampa, tell me the story of Brexit and Theresa May again!
Theresa May vs Theresa May on human rights
Britain Elects calls a Conservative Victory if the vote was today.
May makes final bid for electoral success by visiting the cultural capital of the UK - Norwich.
Theresa May proposes to increase jail time for those convicted of terrorist offences
British Drum 'n Bass duo Fred V & Grafix turn Theresa May's words into a song. Strong and Stable (ft. Theresa May)
Theresa May responds to 'Liar Liar' song by Captain Ska
In light of May's recent announcement - A Man For All Seasons - Clip "Give The Devil Benefit Of Law"
Theresa May Really Thinks the Election Is All About Brexit
Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the story of the UK's largest drug bust
Pat Robertson: Maybe British People Want To Die
Steve Bell on Boris Johnson's election campaigning  cartoon | Opinion
A musical tribute to the Conservative Party cabinet, courtesy of Borrissey
{don't} Vote Conservative - via b3ta
Whats your opinion on this General Election? Is Theresa May a "Liar Liar" or Is Corbyn a Failure?
This video clip should end the Tory election campaign
Labour apologises to Conservative candidate over "factually inaccurate and misleading article"
